Yeah. Yeah,
<v Ricky Horton>it's definitely,
uh.
Considering the speed I'm moving.
I'm sorry. Today's show is smoother.
Okay, looking good. We've got the new database for the Oracle,
so we can get that set up. And,
uh,
I'd like to thank all the people who come here.
So, I think that's going to be within the end.
So, that'll get us. Also, I just had to take that,
you know, and then, I'm going to take it and go with it.
Okay. So,
I guess it's once we get at least the baseline on what they're expecting
established. I'll let more from home once you're placed next week and sit in
my own office and pull out the air for a few years.
Yeah. Yeah,
I don't want to act so hard. It'll be interesting.
Yeah. Depends on what their expectations are.
Hopefully they're reasonable expectations.
Not ones that are outside of the, Yeah. Yeah,
but I imagine it's probably something similar
to what I've been doing in requisitions for a long time.
For nesting wire,
I'm going to have us add wire sizes and gauges in there,
and, uh, I'm going to just keep those in the same linear metric as,
as the round bar, that's, that's what we'll end up with.
Five minute strut,
that's where we'll get. Yeah. Interesting.
You'll have to put it in, the wire is.
What? Like, how many feet that you actually buy in a school or
whatever it is. Yeah.
Stephen, Stephen and Michael can buy all the way up to 3,000 foot schools.
But. Yeah,
we'll see what. See what it comes to when we get to that and
then, uh, yeah, Alan's gonna kick up shot average this morning,
so he's just gonna listen. Until we get back in here and
then we set it for our agenda today.
Disintegration, contracting,
leasing, and then electrical. Uh,
and then I think.
That's,
there's some light topics that need to be burned through really quick,
so, uhm,
we can take a look at. Production and look at our odds,
see if there's any adjustment they should make, uh,
make sure that they have the rest of the route set.
Uh, recordings and then,
uh,
I think we can still drop road back to the road.
I don't,
I don't feel, I don't need to tell you what you think.
I don't feel good at all about the estimations.
That's their labor. And maybe the total labor's coming out.
I don't know. But, uhm, it seems like that's what is being used.
But the rate limit is vastly different.
So, I don't know if that's a good I
mean, that's something we, we could always go back to,
or like, okay, yep, yeah, we need something else to do.
That's, uh. There is focus.
I may report, uh, honestly,
I do know that they're going to keep pushing. For us to have a
higher percentage, even though everything's been adjusted for 75% and we've never really
tweaked that. You only need to change the settings,
but on the default, when I submit a start rebellion,
it starts at 98%, and then the estimator can adjust down or up.
Yeah, and, uh, kind of tweak their numbers so that they're,
that we can, we can ask what people feel,
but. Are we going in the schedule at all?
Uh.
Mark didn't want us to touch screen. I'll tell you being here is the
last thing about it. Yeah. So, um,
tomorrow is a new year for. I feel like,
I feel like,
like I'm comfortable with the basketball.
Okay. So, yeah, you know,
I'm on my side,
but we're hearing and doing future production planning,
and I'm just- You know what, I'm out there and then you try to
forecast some things. So,
that was, and I am really tough to do with teacher forecasting.
Yeah, so, that'll be definitely a little bit of,
uhm,
just brief our shirt from me just reading with it.
. Yeah,
but you're using the projects, you know. Yeah. Are you telling me?
That needs to be in the production plate.
Yeah, the production planer, and then you get that on the plate.
So, I need to work back to- We haven't done that.
We haven't really full-scale,
Like, using the production planer?
Yeah, actually. Uh,
so, okay. Steps to using.
The production planer is the most efficient way,
uh, so that we can, uh,
between me and Alan, uhm,
if you- you should at
least be how to release work
on the power. I know we won't keep our own,
like, some projects can go on the side, and to forecast everything.
Thank watching. So
if we can get it there and we can justify that, it's just a
special. Yep. Yep. Yeah.
So, uh,
just to kind of make sure you're not in the spirit business.
Alright. Thank you.
You said it by me, you didn't read it today. Uuh.
Hold on. Hold on. No. No. No. No.
No. No. No. No.
No. Well, thank you.
I'm gonna lay it. Ha ha ha ha.
Sommeh ha ha ha. you do things, you know..lord I'm gonna switch in a
new t-shirt. Ha ha ha. And that's it. Cause like,
the storyline, you know, about 2050,
Phoenix, the beginning of the world. Good. Woah,
because it'd be so hot. Right.
I don't want that temperature. It's the loudest.
I remember 1.3. I remember when I was sitting out
and once said I'd become a years adult hack.
And that's right, I mean, I'm down here.
So I'm a high-summer for the record,
and I was mean. I remember one of the very ones that I don't
have a phoenix. Yes. I've been here for eight years
soon. You know what I'm gonna show you.
I'm I'm gonna show you. It's a shower.
I'm gonna film. Just,
just say it on me. Yeah. Yeah,
it's already hard, especially with, uh, uh. Bye.
All right, heads and stuff.
Yes, I will. I think my crew is here.
And, uh, what do the guys paint?
I mean, The paint just blushes me.
Yeah, it depends. I keep it in ice pockets.
Hm. . . And on the, uh,
try and eat and share, there is an internal area quite a bit and
then once it's dry out too. Good. Good. And then it will take a
little while to double him when trying to start slowing down so that they
can, they can. . I don't how to I don't know I don't know
how to I
don't know
My goal was to live in Durango in the summers.
Yeah. Hmm. You
I don't even see all the benefits.
So things to be on the level of other than my house paid off.
Ha ha ha, great! units. I'm gonna do
something eventually about water.
Yeah ha! Uh-oh. Okay. Oh, that port is already making me regret ever having
a new water. That's the,
uh. Bye.
The charging was the water treatment and the electrical water.
Good. So,
that's the joy of living out in states. and you next week's video. Thanks
for next week. Thanks for watching. We'll be right on the end of the
two. Breathe it. Four,
ten, nine, five, okay.
you So, well,
let's take a look at it. And,
uh, I don't know what that really is.
This one, and now it took me about 40 minutes. It's been awesome to
anybody that crickets on the road. But,
uh, it's about 50 minutes and we want it to be an hour to
a minute. We're going 10 minutes at night. Up.
We're going to have six-card message in about an hour and five minutes.
Come on. Go up there. Yeah,
I looked at it, so the department's out there.
It's definitely cheaper.
Thank you for having me. Yeah,
I just wanted to build up there and, uhm,
the miller was buying down rates, so I guess you're 0.7%.
I also, uh,
couldn't pass that on. you
. . Uhh, uhh, hmmm, hmmm,
hmmm, hmmm,
hmmm. We'll see in the next video.
Bye bye.
Hahaha.
That's what. Yeah, yeah.
Keeps at that. You know this one and, uh, ehm,
ehm. You I still want to match things.
Yes, uh.
But I've had any issues that- I mean, I've been on a spectrum,
uhm, with the audience, and special news,
and production tests. Here's-
Yeah, and it's a bad little shit looking for it.
Thanks for all those who either get the money.
All right. Well, well,
what's the weird amount of that means? Yeah, that'd be a shocker to the
weak, right? So, yeah, it was so weird.
the this argument in one place is you're already a spirit,
but vice-versa, you're running toward the best of your work.
But at least she's. And then we'll go to the next.
Yes. What I want
to happen to miss you now.
But that's like, eventually,
yeah. Sounds like they're going to be doing whole-minute service steps.
And the big . . Getting the company to . .
. completely redo our servers.
So, uh, and that . . . this key is our original ITA.
Bye. He built everything that's done on and on here.
And that whole strip of service that himself.
And, uh, and And, you know,
he's like, alright, y'all okay,
we can do this. Yeah. We're long grown out and we have so many
different companies here. We're trying to tie together.
Yeah. You need to pay somebody who knows how to tie this together.
Yeah. Yeah, so. Is it going to be- Yeah,
a lot of the sugar room on premise.
It'll be the- same area in the main office where
the current one is. Yeah, it'll just be a whole lot more beefy.
Yes, sir. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
you very much.
It's, it's all slow when you first get in that round.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
So, um, this thing integration discussion actually is here.
Well, we talked about this for a couple
of times. . . Yeah,
that's the main thing.
Thank you.
Yeah, okay.
So, that's, I guess,
please look at this. All right, I'm going to let her in,
you know, ehm, oops. this.
And that's it. Mm hmm.
They're on the whole business stop with it. Mm hmm.
Yes. Yeah. Yeah. They'll have,
they'll have paper software for the county, obviously,
because this isn't a county software,
but they'll feed it, but. . . Yeah,
but, this is maybe, uhm, maybe it's all point for you.
Thank you.
Further in the last
time, uh, I'm trying to question the point.
Thanks. They wouldn't,
you know, get loose and you'll try it. So,
I'm going to be moving on. Alright.
Uh.
I'll see how that I guess the main thing would be,
which I can take notes here.
Umm,
this is an integral.
And I know I'm talking about the last 7 million and they're quite vivid
in the, uhm. No, no, regard some of your mission
problem. So I'm going to look at what they want.
So we have six in one,
all of our labor codes, to be-
I brought an estimate, pushed into production,
and then have our labor exported in the time-trapping way
that we- do in those time-trapping before it's with the labor codes associated,
pushed back into this. So,
we have to- uh, basically not doing that out in the early months,
uh. Well, we do all of our time-trapping in.
. . Everything that we export to Vista,
we export it in an Excel sheet.
That has each employees,
information, employee number, and then whenever we set up a project,
uh. Each sequence and a lot is actually your
phase code, so, uhm,
third. 39,000,
uhm, so, okay. We end up filtering our tabs down and cascading
it out, and- read mapping the,
uh, the sheets so that it can be put into a
system with this. Okay. You And this applies to 39,000
in the employee number and the hours associated.
And it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it.
So I'm actually- And then there you have it through that other good project.
Or so it's automatically set up. uhm,
we do that for every project. And.
I need to be over with the supports.
And it happens a little bit. And.
I'm just the exhaustion in the snow.
No. That took him. So,
there's the look at the best case scenario.
It's going to be fine. Bye. Uhh,
yeah. Essentially, like, all of our people,
we have that one week bus person.
So. Don't. It really is,
um,
slightly begun. So, we have two different,
two different kinds of things. Thank you. And we have the face recognition system
that's completely extra on its team, all of it,
each employee, foxy, interfacial.
So they have a sample when they come in,
and then when they're working on projects and youth,
they're also implicating those hours. That's it.
All right. All right. All right. And going to The this meeting So that,
umm, this one, hm,
hm, hm, hm,
hm, hm, hm. Bye-bye.
You can see, that's where I was coming here.
Yeah. I was coming back against the project.
And, you know, percent complete versus average use.
That's where we're going along. And this is what we reviewed in our Thursday.
So we'll see if we have a
moment. And Umm,
and we're not dealing with production stations or,
uhh, uhh. You trying to help our production stations and all of the,
umm,
contracting. I think it's not going to count in one more Is there a
daily labor report? Umm.
You Yes,
you know, uhm.
I don't know if there's a specific report that you can pull across all
projects because- it's project management side,
project management side, as a PAM report said,
hold across every single project management job.
Bye. Umm, but,
each day, I get an email from the chat meeting that
is- I don't know,
basically a recap from previous day of hours used,
what increased- umm, if we're at a negative trend,
with hours, this percent competes,
and so on and so forth. . .
So I get this report daily being marked, give it so that we can
start getting ahead of it, This is our weekly sheet
that we reviewed and go around Fridays,
which is essentially this. The production schedules that are in
each project sequence associated,
um, just to review. Thank you. Plus,
can you use whatever you need, whatever,
or send it to Sarah? You know,
I'm not even gonna get that from your evaluating projects,
but. Good. Over the county side, you know, always,
I acknowledge you being able to look at daily,
later period. We'll see the next period,
forget which job that's happening. Yeah,
I mean, I can go in at the time and drive the module 30
for better. I'm turning on our owners and we can pull.
Oh. Well, I haven't watched the interview today,
I guess. So, you know, I believe is,
I don't know what you're talking about. Do you try productive labor person?
Is that productive labor? Uhh,
I mean, direct versus indirect,
I guess it's a better way to say it like. Bye bye. Yeah, so
we knew that, uhm, indirect project for the year where guys can apply their
time to their mom and indirect. it. Uh.
Which would be our 1200. Uh,
this is all anything entered towards this project.
It goes, indirect, fast. thumbs.
Umm, but most of the time,
the situation is so aggressive, you're using this,
so. I don't Most of the time,
all of the time, you just have to get into the projects.
So. But. and go
time tracking summary.
I I can't even,
And
this will give me a summary of,
All the labor that I was entered yesterday.
So, there's a couple of guys.
I think this one needs to be adjusted. There's no way in hell.
I'm gonna eat yesterday in 37.2-5-9.
I don't know, I'm trying to hit the Monday,
uhm, so this would be where,
uhm, or T.J.
goes in. . Those are, excuse me, what I'm playing with this,
and then why in the world is this this playing,
we're not gonna get it. So, yeah.
But,
yeah, this is, this is probably the best,
best area for this. Yes.
So, and then, hey,
what you're talking is, each line item is a person,
or it's really the summation of.
Have a good one. Multiple people in that, uhh,
this is our entire shots. It's usually yesterday,
right? So, uhh.
. So yesterday, somebody, some group of people wanted,
you know, charge 37 hours, too. . Yes,
and we ended up going in the area, and they walked into the shipping
and seating department. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Now,
this is not the unit you should be receiving.
So why are they wanting to the handling?
Bye bye. Because shooting or receiving does
not handle our material force. They often trust.
That's it. So that's it. All right. Yeah. Mhm.
If it requires to be removed from the shot or pulled out in the
shot or space, you know, the front because it's completed or needs to go
from the finish station. In the wild station,
all of that is handled by a shot with release,
yep. So, we essentially- I'm sure.
Usually, from majority of our projects have,
well, annually. I'm going to,
So, uhm, those give percent complete mark-offs as they
go through the mark with the p-straching and- And,
uh, and to have some time to inspections.
Cause, uh, it's time to,
uh, cut loose, um, burry.
And, to, uh, cut loose as well.
And, uh, well, it is a,
well inspection. So.
So That's totally
gone bigger. But.
Bye. No,
no, no, no, no, no. Well, that's most likely not a very well as
well. Okay, cool. you Yeah,
what do you like when you know why?
Umm,
I guess, at least. Please.
With the VISTA integration,
it is to not have us pulling XL sheets
from my- I'm finding them so that they can be affordable for it,
and then having that extra step beginning.
Um, but I'm pretty sure heard from them that this integration is,
is an invoice out from a purchase version down the point.
Alright, take all on the purchasing side there.
So, and that, I mean,
for purchase it's viewing here and,
That's pretty much the extent of it with the exception of a few sub-replication
videos about it together. And,
uh, Go. Go. So, so with that,
I don't really see, because I'm sure with the VISTA,
with purchasing that. Yeah. Yeah. Maudable.
There's money associated with that. And it's not been a little bit innocent.
You do double work. So, I'm gonna spend- I'm gonna even still leave the
double work. So, it's just a, uhm, not a nice, it's a nice eating,
like, good investment. Yeah. I enjoyed it.
And friends. Have a good eating,
so. Uh-huh. That's it. Uh-huh, so I don't see them ever.
I heard Umm,
holding the contracting air on my goodness.
And all the reason I say it is because.
. . . Umm.
So, me do not do the contracting air.
So, ehm, ehm. Thank you.
I'll the next third thought is probably my last one.
But I'll get time instead of spending more- So I've got more people from
there, say anything. I don't know if I'm to get any of that.
Yeah. So why don't people not try?
The interface is a little clunky,
uhm, for the, I love the more use of, uh,
a panel software, uh, their, their touch,
touch, I mean, no more to do that,
rather than any. So. So, So, yeah.
Which definitely makes sense. Without definitely moving that statement,
we're going to our time.
I'm sure I can do the time tracking the input.
I think we're going here and it's easier
to see. . But, uhm, like, the notes section,
there's so many random notes here.
And we can't, I don't believe him. I just stay in there forever.
And, it is, it is.
One less. 7 8 9 9 9 9
9 10 minutes to put
an entry in. So, a lot of the guys will track it on a
sheet, give it to them all, and enter it in about 5 minutes here.
And it's done. So many people want
really good time tracking.
In here. Uhm,
and this is fun, so it's not there.
Uhm, and we definitely use it.
But, I'm actually considered,
like, like, my muscle has an actual exercise,
so sorry. Thank you. I'm actually considered paying you to do a better interface,
um, with some more controls and stuff around here.
So, if I were to get there,
I was pretty glad you said you were going to need to live in
it. Yeah. Uh, that would be,
that would be pretty house. So,
so what's the system of timing out your minute? Um,
currently, time is captured.
are going to a year tracking and production,
had sported out, and uh,
and then verified against our facial. We'll see in the one.
This is a recognition system.
And we have in the shop, we compare numbers to numbers to make sure
that they don't matter. You match. And then, uh,
and then we submit the actual Excel sheet from this,
uh, from TechLog2W.
. . So, our conditional recognition was installed when we used to have QuickBooks,
and I was using the same, uhm,
moving quickly. It was plugged in with their face,
and it clogged out with their face, and it would just send it.
But, uhm, that would give us the- Projecting and breaking them and what
they were working on. This could be the ability to know what product they're
working on if they don't have our own request.
If they a project that day, then the time you actually divide it up
between five persons. That's why you move both.
We need to implement the period with, Well, it's the work done during the
day, and they have the witness to trust us. Yeah.
Pretty much. Once they need it now,
anyone's a- I'm used to a planet that's about a ton of- I'll see
you in the head after. Because the guy puts in his face
code for everyone to do it. Childx.
Thanks. Workstation, you know, workstation and why.
And he may work for five jobs a day, but it's all system.
See, it's probably the- That's good. I'm trying to correct me
if I'm wrong. Hold on.
Well, eventually that, that's the thing from,
yeah, right, make sure that people are actually working.
Yeah. you And the same thing we're actually working.
It does not look in the checks. And,
but even then it is the, uh. Yeah.
Making sure you're coming in after having the document with somebody's
over that, and it's the amazing, uhm,
kiss, and ye- Here is, you can go in here and say you started
at 4 o'clock in the morning and it,
you know, it was there to verify that. Thank you.
I have got your face of animal monitor and it takes a picture of
you and you get in, uhm,
then, then there's kelle more kelle. It be a good you're in,
you know, yeah, because again,
it's like, where they need people to say if you don't want to talk
to them. So, so. So.
And that's the other side of us using this and that,
um, in the morning they walk by,
catch us their base. They can go off to the floor,
stop waiting. And when they have their eye bags on their cell phones,
and they can be suddenly right there.
you Up to the umm, one minute of this next product you can plug
in on this one because I'm going to do this one.
So, I'll tell you what to do now.
I would rather try to automate the work to,
uh, to report any of the ads.
That's it. Yeah. Yeah.
And that's something that I also live in, if well,
uhm,
and setting it up for a, It's just an uneasy tweak.
Um, the problem I get into that would be,
I mean, the call from the shop manager, he has a,
I'm doing their time for writing it.
I need you to hold off and then I have a report explaining that
to five people and I'm like, hold on.
Yeah, I see it's to be addressed for if somebody decided
to put 36 in the mirror instead of three or six.
Yeah, so, and uh,
but I think that that ain't me. And I say- hmm,
hmmm, hmmm. the spray shinkler
to get in.
I mean, there'd be a way to get down on the right floor,
and that should be needed to just be, okay.
Custom export. I don't know.
All the millions. That would be,
that would be definitely the, the, side is not having to go in and
cut. I think,
uh, I think all of my shit comes out very,
not that hard to what we need. If you want to look into that,
I've got, I'm getting the names of some people that can do that.
Okay. As I was by Chris from the Parks Center in the rooms,
we're going to get Here, twice time does that take a minute?
Uhh, I'm doing the time.
Thank you. Alright. Bye for the minutes.
Good. Good. Per day? I don't want it.
One day a week. One day a week. Yeah, that's all good.
Yeah, so. That's, that's been the biggest.
We haven't had too many,
like, custom points in here, dispersal reports going to get,
uh. Thank you. You can get spending,
you know, so you got a lot of different things that you want, and
you always get changed, and adjusted and on,
so. So, You know, I'm on a dozen per reserve on your own vacation
to somebody else's. There's other people that can do it,
uhm, in shock. One of the shock minutes were long because the
time tracking emails that he sent, uh,
he didn't do the exports, uh, marketing and assistance.
I'm gonna a look at community experience as well.
Giving you a food, ech, a farm guy. Is somebody else does the pain
guys? Uh, a pain system uses system.
What sort of thing are they been very anti-system
for a long time and now? Now,
We are pushing heavily for them to use it and,
well, being the leader of buildings at this point,
is- Very unward with it. So,
uhm, we're taking full advantage of having an advocate,
um, so. They say. Yeah,
and it's definitely,
you know. It's definitely came along the way. Me and, and, and.
Good. So,
uhm, okay.
So, thank you.
I guess if this is what I asked, how to do business integration,
what we can do as well. Integrate a few days ago.
Uhh, let me see if I need a language.
And
there's a bunch
of this. So,
this is Paul and Rose and she got it. See ya. It's going to
happen. So I am trying
to add a deep number,
obviously. See I'm going an e-document to it.
I got an e-order. Oh, it's a jintique.
And.
I don't know.
All characters are sad.
Uhm, I see that. You know what I hear?
This is some of the needs to hear it.
If you can send that mobile email, or it's,
this is something about how the game occurs.
Like, you gotta get this, uh, lovely,
uhm, uhm, uhh, So
you need to set that up locally. So we can see the preset maintenance.
Good. You can set that up right there and it just skids out there,
but rather than getting a big upset,
there's no- there's no- Are we sitting here? No, we're sitting We to wait.
The reason it should be an individual said. Um,
yeah. Yeah. As long as everybody has an older drive,
man, man. Yeah. Yeah.
Now, umm. Bye. Bring the gym everybody she has on our
butt mat that's in tight blood. It's just in front of me whether it's
good. I do have some reports because right now there's a place
where customer reports should be. Okay.
Umm, I like it.
And all of us are, we're made up by this last thing.
Umm, the reason I like that is because we want
to do it in. You more. He's got,
everybody knows exactly where to get a similar law,
so they'll, like, be able to. I've been a project manager for a lot
of things, something that happened on the job,
on the airport. What was it? Part of it was a review.
I think you should say, I think you should do whatever work.
They actually get a log input out.
With that, I'm getting your computer before I'm your log.
Oh. Oh. Well,
but yeah, you said that. Didn't add it to the bottom of the limits.
Everyone used to say it. All right. By the following,
everybody's going to have a checkbox and they're going to fall a bit weird.
Okay. So, now I'm going to try and receive- Yeah,
I'm getting out of close to putting all of
that on the server area. Good.
Good. Yeah,
I'll get the key. Would anybody have sneered a
burp? We want you to modify the, uh,
uh, or customize the report that's out of you.
Thank you. Bye.
Does that be able to customize it?
That'll just be customized in the end report.
Thanks for watching.
Yeah, and if I don't, if that's how you get up there,
it'll look right. Probably not.
Probably just gonna be a- I mean, if anything,
I'll keep the request, and then I'll do it.
So, uh,
we try again some more. Alright, let's month, okay.
So, anyway, that
now not gonna be as mobile at this point.
Yeah, but, if you didn't,
just set that. Get a poll.
Oh. I'll show you a good set, man. Yeah. Let me get it.
Sorry. Perfect. Thank you, man.
That is it.
Yeah. Cool. That
big tech, what do you do? I've been looking for that for a long
long time. I've been eating a little bit, finally, last year,
I called the month, but I'm like, work out in the meeting. Like,
I'm sure if I reply to this, you know, cause they were doing a
good thing. And people are like, well look at the girl and look at
that. I have to see the droplets. Awkward,
so I'd say. Yeah, I've had it.
I've had it. Yeah,
I've had I was- I've never knew when you get started.
Yeah. They grew up instantly.
Somebody's not crazy. I've had it. I've had it. had it. had it.
I've I've had I've had it. Just check over here.
Send a screenshot of this. Make sure you get it next.
Still. Nah,
it's the- . . . Yeah, I think that's the- I'll make the adjustments
so that everything's uninserted, uhm,
is that a fee? Okay,
uhm, I think.
Again.
Back to whatever this will
be. Please. So, this is their new- the master of the urban-based
code guide. Which most of what I mean now
it is. lives. Oh, it's an infinite choice.
39.
Oh
So, this way,
it's kind of a construction building on us,
to use revenue. So, we're located 39,
it's actually the same building, 39, 1,000.
Okay. Yeah.
Which is, uh, typical, 39,
it's for company 40. Uh. So,
uh, company 40,
division 39, I and then the activity levels is what they break in.
next one. Okay, I'm So,
each, so 39 this pad, yeah, 39 is in it,
in the structure of the patch. You Ah, so.
And then, quite cool,
simple, okay, as everyone, as everyone.
Hey. So, so everybody is 40.
Then, you'll be on,
uh, face codes. And It's associated with each trade and area of
the work, or what. So this thing goes all the way through load.
Yeah. So if you- I'd rather look at company,
whatever. You would see very,
uh, same consistency for the shop and the building.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah,
anything the same thing. Uh, you could be honest,
not sure much of how blooming fields were.
No, I, I get it. I don't either. . Yeah,
this is the laundry.
The, uh, standard fees towards the building. One more supply.
As I would need, uh, a,
a, a, a specialism. So,
followed by with your other,
stops, and if you're reintegrating in,
um, or implementing this later,
dot unquote crap. The,
The best sh-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m.
the one who said,
Doc, you can grab that one if they want. You can grab that one
if you want. You that one Doc,
you've got it here.
No procedure. Here's what we're doing about it,
why is people don't make an option. Yeah,
otherwise, it's masking.
No, you have to have it. And, uh,
I think one of the things here is flow charts and descriptions
for everything. I mean, heck,
when you do an ERP upgrade, if you don't have it,
people think they know what it is, but they have no idea what it
would be. Yeah, yeah. I learned that one hard way last year.
Uh,
so if you're, if you're using- I don't if I'm starting on codes.
Uhm,
I don't see, uh,
the issue. Thank you. But I was thinking that we were talking
about the carries from the,
the beam. You might be one to the people on the house.
It seems how,
the one plan, the product, see what we're into.
Here. Thank you. And it might be a different one for
another type of sibling. Yeah.
But I don't see those. All guys. If you please have their spare.
I don't see that I'm getting sealed.
Umm, so this one's this one's most of the time I'm gonna check with
you. Our typical face cut off for labor and when
I get multiple sequences or multiple- histories of work to in the thirty-nine one
thousand, dot zero one, oh,
this is the- this joke labor? That's just- We'll see Peace.
We'll see you later, vote out later in the thousand. Material is zero,
eight, three thousand, and there has been, as usual,
the one that we initiated- I'm just kidding. You can skip with that.
Uh.
Bye So,
we usually take plain angles,
channels, beams, everything long, it's not up, it's huge. That one,
okay. So. I'm gonna go And see you Bye.
So, so you're telling me that,
ok, I have a piece of pipe.
Bye. I like I use in a structural project.
It would be that o 8 3 0.
But, if I use a piece of pipe on a rail.
It's so, it's still going to be a great video.
Yeah, it's uhh,
most of the time they don't end up getting into the material.
We're going to aim this. I'm breaking out of that thoroughly.
Yeah, they usually keep it or they need to have structural skill bucket.
The only time we will see that- That number to differ is if we
have multiple interior buckets for areas of work on the project.
Okay. So let me- We can make- so that we can have
one of the best ones all after they gave you the- the base of
the extension. Here we go. And back we said,
ah, that's easy to do. What else?
I'm sure you think what else. You might not want you if you start.
That's more info. Now you could basically,
or have to say, every single line, I didn't want that face good,
I'll give you that material. Um. You But if all material should go on
the same thing as good, that's easy. If we can send it up to
the estimate, just the pH should be at the end of the estimate.
Here it is. Oh. Oh. Here's all the things we can associate across.
Uhm, so that would be simple to do.
On the back view, to the end. Okay.
You can put the, you get it on the PX as well.
So it would, it would be a mirror. Come on. The bottom hat,
um, now,
you're playing for, if you're in.
Yeah, that's, that'll be worth it there, right? Yeah, and then, I mean, even
if we were. Bye bye. Even if we put it in the home material,
it's over eight, three thousand, and then we did have one is most
of the- time it's gonna be that, plus,
whatever connotations are gonna differentiate it from the area of work,
if the project's- that large, uhm,
outside of that, then it's- it's basically that would be our governing
code for the material. real. So,
a lot of times, uhm,
depending on the project engineer,
he and team I'm working with for the field.
Sometimes I get that same phase code as I have written on the
speakers for, PC forums,
product release forums, uhm,
how we do the technical side of things,
how we expect projects to come in. And, and everything.
And so, aw man. Let's go.
Where's that at? you I shouldn't worry, you've written all those procedures.
Where's Gotta? Umm,
I have to see where it's located in the- the hour time at
this point where you can change your eyes.
But, uhm, I have to We certainly
link next week or something, but I appreciate it.
Yeah, yeah. I'm going to read that. Yeah,
uh, procedures. on us for any procedure or
form of creativity for anything that we have in shop checklists.
Yes. So,
this is the form I created for when somebody released the project to us.
Isn't the project not- I don't remember any days on safe day requirements manager,
uh, I'm a manager, engineer, customer, um, client. Thanks watching,
and I'll see I have information, shipping address,
um,
delivery site, who's handling it,
coding specs. That's better. Umm, well enough,
PDE, a quarter of any of the vitamins are hard here,
and the specific project in and so we need to if the engineer pre-ordered
any of the materials and the PDE is associated with it.
And a lot of times, we don't. Umm,
so they'll send us the phase code for what they had,
so this is the chain order, so they end up at 18-39.
you 1,000-changer in number 9, and they had 63 hours estimated,
so at this point we would then look at it,
and- and we'd try and do our own breakdown,
just based upon the view in the print, and then,
uhh, as soon as- let's look at it, so we'll have a good day
for you. Yeah, and I'm pretty certain it's not estimated
even. That's what it is.
Hey, I- . .
So the estimate does
give you that very good.
Yeah. But it seems like they take the total and then do their.
. So, a lot of it is,
um, cause all, all the-
it sometimes keep an eye on my own,
umm, just like,
burn in um. Bye bye. It will be this hour of many hours,
and then I'll take those hours, look at the burn time,
and I'll fill up my thronest. And I'll take a little later of the
runtime, and then I'll assume it after our version in 15 minutes,
or low in 15 minutes. But I'll load depending upon the scale of the
parts that are on there. And so,
burns one and we see a lot of adjustment on.
From what Tappa has for doing the perimeter of Vermont for the
time calculated in here versus what my latest- the time is saying,
plus we factor union loading normally.
We need to fix that. That's a period of simple- please call the thing
to do. So if you're constantly interested and you know what you want
to adjust the thing, that's easy to fix.
Cheers. Assume that it fits and it is what I would do so that,
that everybody's going to have to re-escalate after this and it's,
you know, me and that having the- I didn't know that right would be
another question I would have, you know, so,
you're best. That was one of the issues.
Cheers. What one day was,
okay, we're starting to see it, okay, how do we know what work we
need to get this to? Nope. We're bringing that off the t-perk
cannon from the shot, so, you know, I know if that means that was
the only one at a place. This is because what happens is they
go through the hours, they use them under the hours,
and if they have a character they want to keep it as before.
So they just tell them,
oh, we're going to post it, they have extra time I was doing this,
but at that time, I was going to do it.
And that's quite a bit. Yeah,
so, yeah, we can fix that.
And people are having a minute meeting with me and playing all this,
uh, ninja tips it out. No one really got my face getting cheated.
Yeah, so. What We can bet we fix that.
Who else can we since change order?
Umm, this one.
One. One. One. One.
One. One. One.
One. Well,
they're not really estimating sack leather.
Estimating the off the field in some little spreadsheet,
I sure can get. I'm sure to. So,
that's why it's not intact. I deal with it a lot. I don't know
if you're going to have to be able to use tail. Okay. Okay.
Okay. Next slide. Has the end goal and,
and so unless one of these,
uhm, B or D not- I'm gonna reach out to go out and walk
for myself and get us to still work.
It has, but this is- Thank This has been an estimated,
uhm, more than likely this one was not estimated in total.
Are you useful at happening from up here?
But, what is that? That they're actually having access to check within the field?
I have not seen that. I don't know if I go and see if
they're in shock. Bye bye. Sure. Uh,
yeah. Yeah, of course. They do it and they have field access to it
and the guys know how to use it. If they hand it on the
tube, they're just- you there's no more- there's no private care here in Phoenix.
That's one of them. They've got a good field purchase.
All good group access. All good girls. Hold I'm a member of the board.
Here's the chair of SHUT UP on site. Here's the chair.
I was right there today. So, yeah. I need to be- You is that
happening? You know,
there's probably- Indeed.
10 people that are so stuck with it.
And of this giant list of estimators,
umm. This is an online area,
and these are not a few test projects.
Umm, I estimated in your office the nights in the-
Guys don't even know how to use that, but that's a little training exercise
to get that in. Okay. We'll We'll see you next week.
Bye. Bye.
Bye. Okay,
so here, if I
was here at this point now and it's here again, I will, could I
have them to use the- I have them to be fortunate in fact.
I will learn it in the next way or if you can do ?
?
I was asking, what everything's gonna be right in the back.
I was asking, what can there be a bunch of estimated in here this
week with me? Oh, I'm not even gonna remember.
I'll do an expunctive adjustment. So,
you know what? So, where's the best place for me to go on the
monitor? And it's just, you gotta use your video.
We'll see guys in the show. Uh,
yeah, we're listening to this here for a second,
and everyone's got to stand up if a place is so mad.
Uh. Bye-bye. Uhm, but it's, we're on the supership.
I get that said, um, shit. You figured out how to let me know,
because I'm going to be able to say, because we're all on you to
do it. This guy seems to be the reason they're in a damn street,
having him say, hey, I'm gonna do this business.
Yeah, you know, I like that, so. Yeah. you Yeah,
working with kind of, uh, well,
we're gonna say we're past the days of the,
uh, basic training. Hey. That's it. Okay. That's it.
Except for when there's a bunch of people that aren't usually,
so when you need it, that's it.
That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it.
That's it. That's it. You That's it. That's it. That's it.
First, they have to come
to you. They should also come to one person and say,
well, let's learn how to do spec- Bye-bye.
That's where
we repeat that with lots of issues. It is, uh, we have new estimators
that are coming in. And, you know, just doing a lot of takeoffs of,
uhm, well,
in the system. Yeah. So, coming in.
Good. Good. Going into, uhm,
this lower portion down here. But,
not the wrong with the additional labor and,
and that. You I don't have any of this to it,
but the main layer kind of set up, I'm here at the coast,
but I'm gonna use the cobia on the back. Well, uh. And so,
those capture so much more than just any well.
Should have been captured can be- But the holes in it,
the clips, silencing. I've seen it as the better news.
I've just kind of estimated myself.
Yeah. It's insistent. So. I'm going to get out of that sentence.
And then he knows we're getting out of here. I'm trying to get next
to me. I'm going to puke. Okay. What's happening?
I'm building. You know. So,
in that, that's one area that we've been uhh,
nice to meet us. The job is better, and one of the reasons that
they're allowed would not be an award-driven project,
and one of our year-days is that we're so different from the- some of
these windows and ears that have come down, they're coming in and doing a
lot of well-ticked ops when more of our scene in this community.
I'm using labor codes and then using additional labor to fill in a gap
where we need additional bullets or so much.
And so forth, how many instructions on this lane is that played?
Yeah, they're actually using tech.
Uh, just, I should move it to green.
Three that are dedicated estimators,
so they're also capable to come up, and,
yeah, come up, visit, and unbox.
Also, with Jesse,
um, I think he has to be able to have a certain,
you know, to read and learn to be. . . So,
if, if he estimates himself, it's probably forever being heavy bit,
and he's probably more estimated in the.
. . Okay. If you look at the portion of it, anything fat,
it's associated with Jesse, the department usually is Tristan Crowe,
her arms are, And we'll see your estimator.
And, uh, where do you listen to it? But they get it in the
giver. They have a fourth floor. I'm I'm just I'm this.
A third floor. So, I'm gonna third floor.
But I'm gonna be especially. I'm gonna keep coming here all week.
And then we go all the last week. Now I'm gonna be here.
Yeah. Okay, I'll sit with,
like, a fishbowl set of officers, Jesse,
and one of those with a PSN outside of his office. I'm going go
ahead and I don't think that's even the first word.
Is that an image of a visual of a lot for somebody who's done
it if you can get a normal word or other one? I don't know.
I don't know. So,
I'm all in.
I keep going back to the, ah, I think I'm in.
Yeah, we can- doing this integration stuff. That's not a big deal.
Umm,
I swear they were having been very well spent.
We'll see in a minute. Yes. Yeah,
I agree with you. Yep. Uh, uh,
I think you're getting more by and improving your audio.
I'll skip the hours from now to the early this week.
Uhm, I-I think we've had-we-we'd be better
off. Well, I'm doing this now. We can make these labor hurts too.
Exactly, but, uh, that endling.
Go ahead. You can't
think that the world's government.
We can make this exactly that if you want. Go. That's, that,
that would be a hell of a lot better.
I love watching, doing a bunch of night to figure out.
That is, and that's another area where we have confusion is the layout
of the handling, the layout of the fit.
Good. Most of the time it goes in the fit,
and then, um, but we also have the fit of category and U,
so category. I wish I had five hands up,
and we're going one category, and then we got weld,
and then we have clean material handling,
and, but. So, if we simplify these labor groups
out to basically what my P***** has on it,
yeah. Uh, with the exception of needing to add burn to this,
then we're going to keep getting the consistent rate.
So, are you in the basket of this tone here?
Yeah, so why not fix it?
Yeah. So, um,
I'm hoping to, uh, uhm- I think what that would be flash there
should be, we don't know. This, this, this integration,
act, act with the fix is, then we- We can set it and set
it up relatively quickly through,
which is giving you the breakdown of the Halloween.
Bye, thanks again too. You want, right?
We're bringing all this and I'm just gonna have it.
So, um, so, I'll just suggest.
Just. Here, you just, then, you know,
stay on the bottom and then we'll bring you back and go back and
donate these. Right? All right.
I'm glad you did. If you can't get me filled, you're late.
I haven't seen it. I've seen it. it. I've seen it.
I'm glad you did. I'll next video.
And we'll see Okay. I
think it's gonna be, it's gonna freak out on your dad's.
She's gonna have to be in bed. So. Heh.
Heh. Heh. also able to return it here that we just have everything
to do with cutting was 1-3-9.
Things are pressed for- 1-3, water jet,
1-9. Everything to do what's fit out was 10-19.
Everything to do- with welding. So,
we just had things in groups of 10. Because somebody wanted- sometimes somebody would
say, well, I want welding. Thank you for us today. For this and welding
for that. It was made within a century.
It was made within the same family. Yeah. That's just the way I'm used
to- doing it, not having it all over the place.
And then when you make the routing, the routing,
and blow it through the shop. Thank you very much.
I believe, by the way, uhm,
what's the activity on this production?
Good production. It,
it, it has one effect in the instrument,
uhm, specifically,
like, if you don't.
You know what about your, your, your, your, uh, just a separate care? You
just get that, right? Good. Yeah, I think it's really hard to include it
in all of it. Uh, yeah, I think the most part is just the
ones with the auto clips. Yeah, and my, uh, uh, like,
H and I are very common ones that we use.
I've been telling them that it really has been a second.
Okay. . And then,
10 minutes, and then And we have,
in there, type H, quarter, H, type H,
5, 16, type H, pattern,
3, 8. So, as the.
So, The filler, it says increases, umm,
you can just plop that, leave it good and just cool.
I'm cutting. Hallelujah. I'm not gonna question your cutting.
Umm, so you got plate plasma cutting,
but you've also got, plasma shape cutting.
And then you got softening.
So, size-
What is plasma cutting complete? Perfect. What is plasma cutting shapes?
Thanks. Still sucked.
So, how do you differentiate the time it takes to socket something versus
burst? I'm gonna cut the shape. So,
with, with that,
uhm,
I guess we got it really, We haven't really broken that out,
and that's another area where we've been trying to fine tune this.
I'll pull the, uh, pull the reports.
We're on land tech, and see what their runtimes are,
and anything. Thank you.
Associated with that, all the separate colors of
this Azure ACPC time, associated with this. Subs.co.uk for running
channels and needles. And uhh,
that's always stuck into our pocket.
Uhm. Um Because if the ACPC goes down and it's just more
common than I like it can ever be, uhm,
I think it just goes past it. So. on. And if you still have
fun, if you still have the minutes, or whatever,
you can't see me as far as that.
All right. I have time for you to invest in my view,
regardless of what, what is,
what do you think of this, but, this is so awesome.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, all those, uh, that kind of notion,
ah. But what would you, what would you see normally in the shop if
you have different cutting centers? We'll see you in the end of your front
toes. Most of the balance you've got to know if it doesn't matter how
to cut it. But they're not driving it.
You spoke to me about estimating it,
and I had something that was twice as fast as something else.
My ball would be- Yeah,
and they're not making that decision all day, so when it's morning, when it's
morning, when All right. And through this, you're to go and it can be,
it's just so important to me to take this,
this amount of time. When it goes by,
unfortunately that's about a slack. Yeah,
that's about one. Okay, um, I mean,
I can see huge differences in the time of
the job. No. No. Yeah,
but I have to show you the editing time. But,
you know, most of the time, about 40 or 20 years will be cut
on one machine. Alright.
I kind of believe in my, this channel's on the right,
and they don't have any jig that's peeps, so they're all kind of a
bit more self-made. I guess I'm tired. I can't big buy out,
you know, but often it was simply buy out,
you in front of somebody that doesn't be minding that.
They don't tell it. When they get to be minded,
we can cut, transfer, put holes in it,
and mark. It's grabbing me. Last year.
you You know, year alone,
we spent $700,000 in selling our beans.
And, uh, it was a cheap and a bean furniture.
Like a wipe-down, with a wipe-down axe.
I have no idea what it was supposed to be.
Bye. Well, you can, uh, build a little more.
It's very expensive. Yeah, nice. Now I don't achieve it.
But I won't believe it. I'm a bit death-cated problem.
around. But I don't believe that I would get it to 7 I would.
I don't think we're long term in. What? Where? We'll see you ever do.
I think I might be five years from now.
If I think I might need the full system,
uhm, uh, soft. You know, a drill, a giver,
yeah. And I'm going to buy something that can be part of the system
that I can add to you know. You've got to play with it.
But, unfortunately, it's a full system thing.
Yeah, I-I want it better. I want it,
uh, automation of the movement of the,
I don't want to go out of the jinglish neighborhood and stuff.
So that man, I want it to sit and that works.
Yeah, it's, uh, uh,
we a- you don't buy that much. That's it.
I'm a real. I've crossed it out.
Portland, Fyster, Fythonx. Thanks.
Yeah. I've priced him out. Yeah.
He's about how he turns the week you want to do.
Hey, Justin. Really? Hey, do this. This is,
i
And
probably the same with barber mitzel oil.
Go. I'm
sorry. Open the margin, man. I'm not gonna get care. Let that.
We'll see I
think next week I'm gonna go get over. . . I'm just thinking that
you monitor yourself a little bit and see what I'm doing.
I'm going to do that and it's hugely active today.
I'm going more of a minute, maybe finish this, and that's my next thing.
I'm a lot of time in that practice.
I'm going to put a little bit about five minutes. Or, you know,
it's there. And the first one,
you know, like, I'm going to get a boxing turn like something,
okay? And then I'm bleeding, you know. you won't be I take the 3-7
o'clock to get married and that's when people start to straw in it.
You lose a gun, people come right after me, don't you?
You used to be an idiot right about showing up in six.
Okay. I'm going to do a tour of you.
Don't blow it nearly up. You're playing.
I'm going to move over to the big corporate office at eight o'clock straight.
That was the one on the board to think about everything.
You know. I want to. I'm going to tear it once. You know,
you probably want, uh, since,
uh, your, since cravings will be in here,
the end. You want, uh, clean at the paint,
as well. Boom. Is that material handling
of that label there? Is that what is the material doing with that?
It just allowed another file. By the way,
newer is it? No, that one we can wrap up in just update to
just clean. Uh, but that's,
that's more- one area that I'm not alone with.
One area of confusion we've had on the past,
since we haven't seen very good sort of material. Two y'all.
Umm,
so, but we can address that, uh, so that it's- ehm,
ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm. keep up with the full panel,
do you have fun with the partial panel,
fun for the basic world? Okay, uhm, everything doesn't mean to talk about the
boxy, everything doesn't mean to talk anywhere,
I'm just going anywhere. Okay, now I'm gonna be sweating out.
It doesn't have any water to drink. Hah,
hah, hah. That's a good point.
If we come up there, if you have water to buy it.
We're not in these things, aren't in order, like, for those,
like, yeah, all of a sudden,
you know, water can gather to start a loop.
That's why I used to it. I mean, yeah, that kind of makes sense,
you know, I've got to work with them, and he's in the long run
for a nice and career to say, you know,
I've got to start a few years ago. My last year,
uhm, uhm, I guess,
you know, click, click, click, click, click, click, click,
and it'll be fun to see them. I see that group on,
click, click, click, click, and it'll be in.
Oh, is that right? Just leave the plane in the landing room. Oh, okay,
so that would be You don't see that in the afternoon.
They're going through, it's like, in these options.
The main thing we're getting right now is when they pull up- with their
estimate summary, all of these descriptions are available
to get out of these different- I have to go running up across so
we need to put them on here on the box or do they haven't.
Either on the box, they have to be there,
they have to show the- but they already have both of them on the
paper side of it. Yep. Now,
this one's- this one's given to us by a technical guide and be- you
know, I think we've really done, I guess,
maybe any custom ones in there. Umm,
but we got- Thank you. So that's
one of one of
our forests.
on own. I will have a and ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm,
ehm, ehm, ehm. in the United States, but I'm happy to get an understanding
of it last time. I mean,
go ahead and read what you can ask. I'll do that shit.
Yeah. That's, I've done it,
you know, they said all the other things. And it's like,
it's one of my stuff that I used to have a time I used
to do, you And for me, it's amazing,
it's, ah. I'll, I'll kill. I can say two clicks,
I don't know if it has a lot of numbers. Yeah,
yeah. One thing I-
Of course, do not have that in it. If I have a little committee,
then you have to have to make sure all of this.
That's what happened. I'm big, tic.
Good. I want to give a global man of,
uh, uh, uh, the Family,
uh, so you can see every bite and all that.
Go. Yeah, because I never seen an email and get me a drink.
So I don't want to dust everything at all.
Now I'm not a chance. And it's a very- You and
intindically, it's last, cause now I'm like,
3 foot of well, and then there's ehm,
or 1. But, uh,
I mean, it's-
From the detail or from the type of testing.
Okay. I was happy to hear from the detail I would think that I'd
see my thing, because you're more pending.
You can do some model of your application. No,
that would be a real question. But I think,
uh, the detail I can turn the level off on the head,
Umm,
yeah, no, there's no one. I submit a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a.
Yes, ma'am. I take one hit. We have to have a little bit.
Yeah, and they see, believe it, from a movement.
Cause that one's ruining her clip, believe it.
. So you open, click, believe it.
Cause you can't even go in and highlight all of them.
And believe, you have to go one, one.
Bye So now we can, we can get them in and joint everything
to the new box. And then we'll come back in.
We can just leave the rest of the crap out.
And then we'll have a much more simplified. So,
you get our operations to do that. I think we're like a re-
hmmm. So, this is where we just want to get it going to the
right area. So, this is a little bit tedious.
Yes, well. So,
uhm, it might be easiest to say,
like, sort my, uh, labor group here.
you And then just re-point the groupings.
Check where we're going to go. If you need that,
send it out, come to th- I know that it will say,
we don't. That time,
so I'll get rid of these and ask them again. I think there is
no- I don't want me to get in the,
uh, time, and then we need to swear. Hmmm.
No,
I think we can just, just,
is that- Right now, anything in quality control-wise is- there's
a separate, empty bucket that's added to every project.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so you can just add some kind of tune- I think
it will- You've got to check it, every moment- you've seen everyone be saying
it individually. And so you go, yeah,
I'm gonna check this one out and check it out. Well,
then see how the park is. I mean, the fidders should be going their
own checks. Yeah. So, uh,
most of this check time gets fun to go around with that time.
But, let me check it done by the end.
Yeah. I don't know if you were a shot that was doing nothing
but the thousands of operations. And going to that we don't have you to
have a couple of things, but when I see a gear it's more,
it's like, I'll check, a B. Thank you. Yeah,
yeah.
Sometimes the only spot to lean on the spot shape that we're going to
get into games. James. When you go to check, I'm going to be on
that. I'm trying to get a good one. Well, I walked a couple of
them a couple of days ago,
and I could see marks on. Yeah.
Umm. Like somebody and put a clip on and
then groundly off properly or whatever. Thank you very much.
Alright.
forward.
What purpose?
Yeah. I could send it out to you by the way.
But if he just said it like you. Get good then.
Yeah, I don't know if the music can do it. So,
I mean, if you get what I said, I said, I mean.
It does the uh, he works a chat,
but it's worth it. He does all of the hardware and hardware controls for
the Christmas money, son. And that makes him PC,
so he's a part of his car, so he's like,
I have to remove me in the van, isn't it?
Yes. See guys soon. He's actually looking,
you know, more of their dad, so I can get him a bike at
risk to try to get him in, uh,
integration. You know, that would be super sweet,
but yeah, yeah, well, so, obviously we've got those in the system because of,
uhm, it's here, and maybe- I've got a new update,
and I'm just following all of the settings,
and I have a meaning to put it into my stuff, because they don't
offer any sort of, uh, guide my- I don't know.
I don't know if you can read about April Permanual,
but it means the feed rates, but it means cut qualities,
and it's- It's fine. I know how to do that instead,
and you train me how it's gonna go as well, but yeah.
But if I'm fine,
uhm, I'm- She's back in the room.
Yeah. By my location, and you're gonna call hangout train,
I'm on a 360 stainless right now.
So, thank you. Don't- Good bye. . But,
uh, I'm doing a- I'm doing a website for support.
I guess it's perfect. And I'm gonna have a spot in the head.
More than more than I will have where clients can get
together and talk about this at ACPC. I'm going a motion that I can
get to ACPC. Here's why I'm sure we're going to be about to get
this out, and I'm going to just show them that all there,
sort of. Yeah. Yeah. Having me,
uh. Yeah. The chat boards for us.
The chat boards for us.
I'm going to have, like, monthly web hours.
You just go through where I'm from. I'm to try to get some of
these guys to come all over the same. Let's listen to you play,
because it's even better to say what they're playing in it. Umm,
yeah. Yeah.
I'm definitely interested in that. Because, uhm, I'm s- I mean, not only am
I, I mean, once you're in the industry, you're in the industry.
Yeah. So, uh, in the minority of us,
you're there. It's awesome. Yeah. It's a, it's a normal institute.
So, so, you should, or do you decide
on that or do you want to do that? There. Uhh,
this one we will put into the art.
So, I'm gonna say we put on a check. Thank you. Okay. I will
read.
Because they need to do that.
I want to follow me. A
bunch of you like it. I can't even know.
So, you're, so it really is.
The quality guy is not responsible anymore.
It's just the better this was possible.
So, the better it is, checking if it's required.
water. And then the QC comes over with a thumbs up inspection report.
So, QC is still.
The ring, the check. But,
you see the rest of our track on the separate code on the Anderson
part. . . Okay. So, you see those where to put their time on
the project. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, it's the only order,
the only order to get this premium. Umm,
this project schedule, which you can see me,
this is a renovation time in here. Umm. I will see Bye.
See you next You know, I'm It's the same code for every single project.
But, I'm just a man without that, I'm trying to say her to me.
in the In the first generation of this two topics would be just- probably.
Yeah, we would see the behavior. So,
yeah, where's failure? See guys next I have some expected them all to get
your troubles away 0-1-14-0.
So. Go.
I don't think they would call about all this weekend's about 3-1-4-0.
Okay, we're going to move on to the next and I cannot normally get
it in here so that people can say it wasn't that I mean.
Otherwise, I've done this for 2-2-2-0.
You have very common good, and then you can paste it there rather than
have to be able to click through and find it.
What do you think about how you call
it? Enjoy the video. Have a good one? I don't know.
You
can also look at it from the leg and group on the leg.
I have to, it'll stay on, check in with you so I can sprawl
up you. Thank
I'll
tell you, I'm gonna stop that, please.
Like, I, I got some sickness for a little bit.
Thank you.
Ehm, ehm,
You
I can't be very fast today.
I'm gonna stop stepping down. Let's do that.
Totally, I was trying to leave the same house. Let's let's go. That's very
good, and it's modest. Thank you.
Thank I'm
going to take part in my ability to grab things to go inside and
apply to that. Alright. Let me see,
just don't get
it and get it.
.
I it's a little quick because I'm drinking a lot of the fish because
I didn't. Ah, I'm thinking I'm certain that I have migrated.
Have a great day.
So, have you heard or are you aware that the goal
is to have all estimators or all of some of these people?
That's the goal of the way I understand it.
So, uhm. I know.
Okay. I can't really tell if
some people are, but it looks like there's some here.
Church. Well, some might be in cattle shops,
and might be in the same thing as you leave between beer and gilbert.
Church, gilbert.
You k. Morning, libr. Orange. Okay.-gilbert.
G. And that is run by the guy in float.
Cause they go. So, I'm all up to Denver.
See, like, the lead estimators in there. This is what I've heard.
I haven't been verified either. We'll you in the next video. The facility
in Great Falls is empty.
It's like, it's only about that. Well, we'll see that's for the overhead
cranes, but there's hardly any more people. They're the facility of
low field. You know, there's oil field skidders.
There's a lot of this. I don't know if you know all these places.
Nice. Ah. I'm researching hard to
be people that run trip reports,
you know. You come on, come on.
Anyway, place in Casper and I have no idea what they did that.
you Hey, I'm trying to
pull data from these facilities.
Like, who's been there when?
In the different parts of the complex,
I don't know what the language is about.
I don't know anything to say. I don't know what to say. I can
walk in or falls in it. Then I can see that so I can
either say, I now know what we can do here.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
I'm amazing, Bye.
Ten foot shear, ten foot prospect,
and then you have two stairs here and there, and they have this little
invitation name on. You can do their spare And they're not really
set up to do structural,
like, calls baby soon. The rest is what it is. We'll see you next
week. He's saying, you know, we say it all around in my house.
Okay. Oh, doesn't become any more of the sterling dust.
I know, but I don't think I
don't think so. They're trying to get to this point to where they're doing
one with the in-house. We're good at the joint.
One of these shops
have been in these states. Okay, so I think you and I have been
sold. all the time. very similar thing.
I just want to get in terms of where it's best and if I
can't find facility that we don't.
That's the best. They might be getting my day of time where we can
buy it out. It's not good. Okay.
I think we have a very similar question. But coming,
yours is coming for John Snow. Yeah,
mine's coming from Jeffrey. But I think that it's so neat.
You know, he's the same thing that John is a very bad actress.
Oh, really? Yeah, he's eating vocal.
He works from Paul, and he's here today. Oh,
he's here on Monday.
He'll be here on Thursday. I don't know. I wonder if you should do
anything. So he's my little boss.
. . . for a decade, we work,
uh, yeah.
shop is crumbling, uhm,
because most of us have left, because that's for whatever reason.
Some is rebuilding. Little bit. They've taken seven of our guys over there,
and they're putting up 65,000 square feet.
New facility. a little bit. One big time,
one big thanks,
one big special. Please get one of our girls personal service. You got it.
it. It's good. It's good. It's good.
Around this area of data, in most organized ways,
is still that. I have bad.
I have not been still bad. I've heard of it. But yeah. So you
know in this facility, but you guys are the next day of steel.
And yeah, I did not know that. Right,
guys, we're at next door. And the end is,
yeah, do the servo on the side. So we're right there.
And then we'll go. Okay. And then they move here.
A.S. deal has expanded. Yes,
they have. They've never done that, but.
But you have. A.S. deal with the people that upper level
benefit over the densities.
I've looked at that for sure. Yep,
I had the three big three about me.
. . . I give the power that the three had dragged, and then
me, and then brought up soon after me. And then I laughed at the
three, like most people were not stupid. this. They only lasted a year or
two. It's something along the door.
It's super scary. What I am being here,
they said. Yeah, yeah,
that's better.
And it's better.
just jump up then
on cusses where everybody will they go.
. And if there is, there it is now.
I think it's easier than that because I didn't knew that one.
It's not my head except for it. Let's see if it's your word.
That's great people. But this part is
the shot really, you know. You It is that it's really good.
It's made out of really good equipment.
One more week shot. Go. Yeah.
There can be one. Yeah.
One kitchen's going to be utility for them to build.
Yep. Yeah.
That's nice.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I heard this week that are up now in 800 times,
and I'm sure it'll flow a little bit. Okay, I'm gonna do that in
a minute. So, we're ready to quit. Let's- But I'm gonna add,
the candy house is based on the theme of opportunity.
And it's not a suitable- So you gotta add,
or you're a machine, you gotta offer a,
you know, a big bag. And, they have- and move them up here,
y'all have to say hello to us. You know,
that's the front of the head, but I wonder how many times you think
about any of the concerns. They're going pretty business.
Yeah. Well, the question is do all these shops stay
busy? Thank you.
It's really expanding because the semi-con has been talking about you money here.
Yeah. I think it's, that's a temporary thing.
I swear that I'm undivin' it.
You. It's- Umm.
For you,
it was actually releasing such a process. Okay,
that was an artist. is Well, good.
I didn't think it
was. Hey, my question. You said it's a terrible thing when they look at
that and change up these birds. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Good bye.
Good bye. Well, it only changed over more than loads,
so I mean, I can go into, uhm,
and- How about a kick
It's
fine, I love I'm sorry. No,
no, no, no, No,
no, no, no, no, no, no,
no. Thank you, Mr. President. you Thank
you, Mr. President.
ehm, ehm,
ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm.
ehm.
You
If you have to conclude, I won't Thank
you.
I didn't even know that.
Right, right over the corner from your house. I'm gonna try and stay there.
Stay in town now. It's you. Oh, that's just fine.
Bye. Thank you, George. I'm pretty good back here.
I don't need to ask myself. Heh, heh,
heh, heh, heh. That was it. It's
just having it spread out all the way except we just create some other
issues. Yeah. You Umm,
that's the main issue in Sydney in Brooklyn,
right? Yes, in Sydney or not?
Bye. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I'll see you in the next video. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I'm kidding, I'm pregnant.
. . . .
I think I have three addresses. Oh,
the same one. Oh, Well,
we're around one leg, leg, and I'm going to put this on the floor.
Yeah. That one's going to be fair enough that I'll do two of you.
See?
It's gonna be a little, I think, a lot of customers are going to
get out of the house. You know, it's gonna get out of time.
Yeah, but it doesn't usually sit there. You do.
Uh, uhh. It's gonna be. It's gonna be.
It's gonna it's gonna be. It's, uh,
unless you put time, be in the labor center. Thank you.
It's gonna be. It's gonna It's gonna be.
So
here you go with the lens on this camera. What? Look,
the sound is gonna last as loud as, you know, the rest of my-
I'd say I've seen it, but I had much to say otherwise,
and it's an operation today. But by the sound,
they've already attended a 50-gling. Thank Yeah,
it can work. I don't have facility either.
But, uh,
okay. Thank Uhh,
data center skids, you know, it was 40 billion.
And the option bar just was 10. But
this will work at least a few.
I'll show you it. Still work.
Uhh, the skits are immigration,
so the skits, the skits don't see jobs,
obviously the skits don't look as good.
But you really suck. Now that we've got our talks of mothers and adults
and veterans. That's what we want.
We're still like 30% nearly 30%.
It's all right.
Okay. I don't know what to say.
All right. You don't like to go on the pumps and all that stuff.
You know, uh, electrical, you know,
if it's certified and it's just basic.
Isn't it? Stuff. Yay.
So, if you burn on that and you burn on it,
that way I'm up. Oh. You know, your holes, uhm,
the cut, uhm, excuse me,
the punch. Thanks for watching. Really?
Hey, uhm, we need to go look at that.
So, go up to make the testing. And maybe,
later, right, it's, uhm, punch.
And due to the problem at the top,
the touch-pot statements, at the end.
Amen. Where do you want home storage?
And you say, oh, be basically a cat for the process and makes it
look like. Yeah. So then just chill.
Yeah. You even have punch mysterious,
you punch husband. Ah,
I didn't see any much. Any heat, you can exchange that time with a
luscious. They got cut and drilled.
It might be a pharma process. They're jammed.
It's, they need a site.
Good. The whole management, the whole management is going to be there.
And then it breaks you. You take what you want.
So, yeah, they're terminal.
very well. It is all over here or should. They need to change it.
I guess people serve soon to have all of them that are starting to
hear like, I don't- Punch it, man. Why don't you do the punch?
When you be into a drill, I'm uh,
I don't- know. It's not sitting in the air before- really touching.
So they get a drill as well. They good maintenance,
estimating labor maintenance and drill.
building. Same meal,
but I'm going to have to talk and drill talk about maintenance and change
rates. Thanks. Thank you.
Well, you can change it to, like,
it's all hard cutting. Yeah.
So, once you and your learning is not hard cutting.
Later. Thank you. Okay.
Yes. And
you know, here's what we've got to know.
Right. I've been on show about
this. .
So. So, uhh, uhh, hm. So, hm,
hm. So.
so I'm also to begin also to maintenance.
Umm, where do you go? Yeah,
the link. Umm, sure. I'm going to leave the link. its main. Uhh, it's
estimating labor maintenance labor.
Get a job out of the top of the labor maintenance
and m- So here's my other places where it is going
to be said. Clean goes- I'm going to ensure
that I know this. And here's what's
all splicing. Probably not being used,
but he came with a splice on his lip,
but it didn't, you know, on his You know what I Okay.
So, I don't think it'd be well,
but if it's placing things together, it would get something that's not correct,
but it would have been a beautiful, old display. What this place? A little.
But the front of the shot, it doesn't make sure the beam might have
to strike and put a spike to the moment. A spike wouldn't be well
enough if you don't have a ball. It's a lot of times I'm aiming
to be pulled into the field and it's escalating.
I'll show you where it is. See, see, you'll be better than before.
Don't come right back to labor maintenance,
splice. Uhh,
ehm, column splices. This is, So you can,
on a labor kit, you can say,
use this splice, this, I'm not used by the law,
and it's just a lot of average. So,
for your most people don't use it, yes. Thanks.
They don't put any material in themselves,
and they don't put labor to it. And the labor gets,
and most people don't use this, but, you know,
there it is. It
just doesn't give you a breakdown of what it is.
It's that kind of almost that hole. 3 4 4 3 It's that,
it's that actually putting it on there or what it is.
It's just doesn't give you a breakdown. So,
let's get cleaned up on these events. So,
that's it. .
I think we have clung med,
med, med. Alright. Okay. So
maybe we'll lay them down, then get us that hours for peace,
though. It's so,
. But I'm really trying to help you with people too much anyway,
but, erm, it's used too much,
but, I want to be with that.
I say I'm keeping my mother just because I know that we are blind
when somebody's ending your- I think we should have
you re-
in the corner of the right,
but it's uhm, so you can probably get back in to leave the other
ones now and- I
don't- I don't know what this is
today. I don't think again. I don't think- I'm going down four to five
in the morning is gonna start thinking about my Deerell March.
You know that's- And it's so,
So, to be fair.
All right.
Perfect.
Okay.
Okay. I don't
know if it's used
somewhere by the same. Thank you. Umm, ehm,
ehm, ehm,
ehm, It's
perseb Aurited, it is perseb Aurited,
crushed by forty two 20- bars.
Yeah,
I I'm trying to get the other facilities to say that.
The stuff is kind of unfair to the people at the most.
And yeah, look at that.
I think there is. Uh,
yeah, that is going to camber. Do you want that in camber and press
right here against,
It's good.
Camber's probably the thing that is to keep their honesty and camber tight together.
It'll be equals. We'll see you in a minute. Okay.
Just shy of the pencil. You may never use it.
So, because they look like just the client.
Time to pop in third bit. You know, actually,
we had just a little bit better because they used to be like the
energy from eight men. and most of our camera deals are working on more
than, you know, three hours. So if it's anything outside,
we have these in my machine. So I had some,
I mean, it would be over. It's a murky camera,
isn't it? Yep. Um, so the two hours is about to facilitate the monitor.
and then we'll see a few hours you want to sit. Yeah,
I'm about to go. It's not a statement. Twenty-five,
right, and then three years. We'll in the next one. Okay, good job.
Somebody else. I can't remember. You know, they're collecting dust and stuff.
I can't remember. It's a team.
We're about to be in flight. But,
uh, I'm at 48.
I have a stress break. Umm.
you Yeah,
this one
would probably be more on their fit.
Just because they're- I don't know if they're willing to be fit,
I don't know if they're fit,
Okay. We'll see I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know. Here's what I've been. It's on the circuit
and it's the key. Yeah, bending is definitely- It's me,
you know, and- sometimes I can be an argument, but there's been an evolving
is the same thing, but- Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, you
Well, we thought of good.
We put the first three time when we can, when we can, when This
really is an inherent workplace.
Uh, possibly generally, but after it's been the process.
And a lot of times, we need to be.
. . .
Yeah, I mean, we can keep it that way.
It's s for anyways.
Anyways, I'm,
Yeah, that's just gonna be another area where we
release it for handling cut fit well.
Go on. vern So,
you still have visibility to the time regardless of how you can make it.
Yeah. You know, it's not, it's not. Yeah.
So, yeah, instead,
you're running for a day to be.
You know, it's not.
Now, that was sort of a separate category, but it was to be in
the total one out. Oh.
Almost, and then from there, that's the fabrication
shop project miniatures expression.
Thanks watching! . . I'm going to write that guys to put this toy's
handling, because we took the time to put it here,
or ehm. You this is going to go to fit for tracking purposes,
and then you'll be with the operator, and then you'll be able to for
others to break the display. Later. This is your boat making your floorovers to
the end. And then I've been getting time tracking,
you know, add gnolls, break the rest of the-
So, gambling, uh,
it will have a burden. I can learn even more about this type of
location. Ehm, I can learn even more about gambling, too.
Okay, that's really good for gambling. Thank you for,
there's a lot of things to talk about.
It's right up here. Yeah. That's what, that's what I said.
I think that we're going to be achieving care, kind of, like,
all processes. Holes and cows,
and I'm going to get a code meeting with this. is Okay.
Yeah. I hate it fast.
We used to have a category fast and everybody put everything.
you Well, yeah, actually, they did, yeah.
And it was, yeah, then we went to fit up and,
well, that became confusing.
Thank you very much. It,
yeah, it depends on how you're going to shop. If you want to know.
Oh. Our fillers can dwell on our owners to fit it.
So. No.
As we moved away from the,
I have seen a lot of other figures.
I love that. You mmm, that was only kind of there,
right? I knew something freaked out for a deep minute.
You know what that is? I don't it.
This one I don't understand. I don't know how to do it in San
I've never done all that in this three-game opens.
Yeah, that was it.
That's not something that we're in traveling this election. Oh, that's, I mean, it
is. I love the food. I mean,
that's, that's just a weird one though. I don't think that's, it's all in
the mood. You it doesn't even make up for the,
for a way to give it the hospital. It's what it is.
Okay. It's, It is a cabin for a gal who doesn't cost.
And they, and this will be, like, uhm, uhm,
and be- Thanks watching!
So, that makes sense to me. And then they're just, so, move, we would
switch. with. You know, all of you guys run
a system that has galvanizing and pain.
Thank It's the job this year.
Me. I mean, a lot of that's great environments.
Great environments. Yeah.
Yeah. A lot. Heavy corrosion areas.
Things are just down there. They're just bad at the time. They're bad.
I'm not bad not bad at the time.
Yeah, I didn't know it. We made light calls,
same light call, we sent the same call.
Sometimes I was sent in a coastal city and then so the one guy,
I know how to analyze it,
that pain over it. Okay. Cause if someone looked pretty, they don't want that
galvanized. Yeah. Good. I
think everything else is good if people like it and others.
. . . And,
uhm,
shimmy. Bye!
.
So
what's going to happen when we change all these categories and we try to
run whole estimates through the area of the donut.
That two or don't have these categories. It's really important of this.
So if we look at all this, then we're going to spell out the
change. Thank you very So, uhm,
second I effect the labor because it will affect the buckets and holes in
the two yap. We're not going to explain that in a minute anyways.
Thanks. We're not changing labor.
I'm curious. We're not changing labor at how we're just redirecting more of that
labor. Yeah. All right. Thank you. It's a great day.
Thank you. It's still going to be there. Yeah. you
Yeah, I hear qrom does, what,
four estimates a week. Yeah.
It's about the number, the other guy. Bye.
Okay, good. Okay, have a voice.
Let's see how we can do that. Okay, have a good day.
Cheers. Thank you.
Alright. Mmm.
Nice. I love the rest of it. I think we can do it this
probably what the, uh,
how much of a piece of board will do. Yeah,
and then, you know, it's probably roll. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm not sure,
you know. It may be that the labor operation is a point to one,
and then, that's what the problem only is in the label.
We'll more. You know, we're not seeing the 15 or 16,
so one, one, one. Uh. This one's fine.
All right. It's fine. It's ok.
It's alright. And when you tell
it, I think you can fit it, while you do the video.
And paint. And that's,
that's probably all the wood,
uhh, arts and gear more.
Yeah, that could be something important to you. What,
that would be perfect. Uhh, yeah, I would say so. Okay.
instrumental.
I going to you for We'll see you if we're talking in the house
where he isn't about to see someone talk to him or talk to him.
I, I was just, I was just kind of.
He, he got him and then he would burn his own plate.
And that was gonna be my plug-in' down. So, okay,
I'll make sure I see it. Okay.
Are you here?
Let's take a
look at this. That's gonna get money real good.
really. Yes, for a reason, I see seven torch,
but that's cut time to do it into the detailed environment,
and then it's up to the email. No. The main goal is hope that,
uh, that all of that's gonna be under third.
You gotta find. So,
here. Okay. So,
uh, let's see which one is you.
. . If it's usually good, it's like, it's a mission first.
And again, it's operating. Alright. Yep.
And in operations, I have a lot of them.
And very good. Good. I'm a there. So it's usually a manual part of
the grade. What if that's what you're doing?
I'm, Umm,
get it to, let's say, get a layer of heads and see what you're
doing. Thank you. Play, labor,
codes are used and I'm gonna bet you, see if you'll land here.
No.
Like,
or write bits, and then, like, where can it happen?
That's it. You I always forget that this way,
and I just see you do this every time.
Yeah. Until the end of the- I'm frightened.
Okay, just go to the phone. We'll just have an hover over
that, and then I'll show you the,
uhm, the formula. If thickness is a grip.
. . Uh,
burn manual, son of a coach,
and the, and applying the shear easily exact so.
That's it. So if we report it,
we report the whole thing. Okay.
We'll get back So I guess the question is, do you want to use
a different burner rate for the codes?
And, Umm,
do that. I would definitely say so,
considering the hyperphenoming.
You are going to step operation to be going to run a significantly
faster burn rate than an operator out here with a,
in-torch, so. Yeah. Yeah,
that's good. Alright, okay.
So let's get a look at the burn pattern. Here go.
This is the main rate. It's a burning rate. Thank you very much.
So, problem we're gonna have,
so that's what the plate machine is using.
Yeah. . . Well, that's what the point machine is using right now.
Uhm, which, what it says is that the processor,
uhm. It's like it is 6-3,
so I'm gonna try and hit 6-3,
and then I'm gonna result like that. So I'm gonna turn it off.
And that's one thing we can,
uh, uhm, put it down in this for a few
years. Good. I, you know,
I don't know what you want to do here if you want to.
We could either change the plate to a different earth.
Or we can change the, uhh,
kind of be in a different part of that. Anything,
anything, you know, the biggest, the same. Thank much. I don't know,
all the magic is going to be faster than this. Umm,
get us some of that. Go I'm going
to be at best probably more realistic 3-plate machine.
And get an automatic. I'm having this.
It's like, it's like,
super fast. I love you now.
That might be actual. Show. Uh,
I have to turn it back. Yeah, it might be,
but it doesn't, it can't probably move into the hip before,
before the arch starts, right? It doesn't.
So, is there this would be,
2.
You
So
there's a boxy. Yeah. See ya.
Listen,
we're finally ready. Right. Share some videos that we've been looking for.
I mean, we'll be able to adjust.
Okay. Okay. I mean, I'm assuming that you're interested in it.
So I'm talking and staying engaged. And I'm not just getting in the middle
of the picture. I'm not in the middle of the picture.
I'm just going to get in the middle.
. Well, it's the 18 year.
This is a machine without the boiler. That's good.
Yeah. Yeah. Coria.
Mhm. Yeah, interested to create the E home.
I'm amazing at 75 and then you know what,
working at. It's. It's just burning and it's.
I'm worried that I'm fast because I don't think it's the accounting strategy like
he makes. . It's not, you know, the machine may actually burn that
fast, but it's not time to move the head over here.
you You're here, you're here. Yeah. Well,
I think there's, I mean,
the programs that calculate this take a lot of this.
Thank very much.
When you pick these test speeds, like, when you make a turn. Bye.
Depending on how you program, it slows the speed down as you cut the
arc, and it can cut the volume. Um. Thank much for watching.
Piers times are depending on what you're piercing.
You know, those drive a lot of, uhh.
. A lot of this. What the guy uses for consumables,
nutters, or vots. And see what I've heard.
You know, 10 inches per minute for quarter H.A.K.
That's 550 feet per hour.
And I'll find the most. . . . because people are running at,
they're good to see, but I have to go. I'ma have to sound better
music. Peace for all of us. Like that,
yeah. It's, uh, not gonna eat that.
Look and see what the, what the other machines were for,
for the reach. Thank you so What's the same,
uh, it's 5.5.
What's the same, uh, what do you mean I don't know?
Sure. Sorry.
Umm, but it looks like this or something.
Oh, we're putting in the base parts on it.
Umm, base parts. Umm. you There's plates,
cap plates, stippin'overs,
uhh, regressive plates.
So it looks as small as it's in the back. Yeah. Yeah.
I think it's the last part. I don't know if this is anything over
two-inch. We got it in that stuff. It's the only thing that's got this.
Your boss means it's a lot of nuts.
I don't know. I don't care if I follow those out because they were
too weak. We're learning the 96 by 240 in that table.
Yeah. Meals and plates from a 40 foot,
and they could purchase some with a belt or anything like that.
Yeah. So. I'm coming. It was,
uh, aint trying to find an intimate order plate at
40 foot, but should have a- You
. ehm, you know, we merge our root of the top,
and they are just, we might stop.
Mhm. They don't explain this to you in a second.
Thank you very Someone I'm gonna have to remember something and see if it
has to put pages for that.
Well, that's, that's probably still so longer than what you're really- I don't know,
but right now, maybe a little bit is a lot easier to use over
this, like, super short. So,
uh, at least that's why I'm not what you're saying.
Yeah. Yeah. And we can change our list,
too, right? You know, we can change our list rates.
We can make it match. I don't know if you can give you- I'm
not really sure where you want it to be done here,
but I don't know if you want to like and use the purpose and
say, let me get it. Well, happy- It's from being one quarter,
it's from being one eighth, from being the manager. I don't know if that's
what you want to do or, yeah.
Now- Well done. I mean, this week he gave me.
We came back a little after we started working, and I couldn't even walk.
We got all of this. I had to travel. I to travel.
I had to travel. Yeah, and here we have it.
What do you want to eat, or change your own savour?
But I don't want you to savour it properly.
Oh, my God. I think Sarah has,
at least closer to men and men,
really slow. Oh. They are automatically this.
That's the promise. That's one of the key brides that we can work on
today. So, ehm.
I'm going to send them back to see if you can evolve.
Yeah, and get us at least a lot closer than that.
Yeah. They won't really, uh, they won't really blame you.
No.
Okay, Okay, cool. We'll read from the manual to,
uhh, yeah, the burn. And we'll see
you two more that we keep up with them.
Burn, burn, keep it all up right there.
So you got the manual cover. Perfect. Okay, bye.
Bye.
Yeah. Unless I send it out. Yeah.
She's there the other day. I let the top burn. Thanks having me. We'll
take the manual and we'll form that to where we want to go in
with more of your hand, folks. Bye.
You So
that I would have, like, in case I named all that Spanish or something,
and even though the recreation I might change it as well.
Because that's what shouldn't have done to formulas.
And, uh, that, that way you can know what these rights are,
damn great. Alright. We're gonna have a look at this and,
Where do you change the rating? That's all that's gonna be said in the
name of God. Yeah. Good.
Alright,
so we'll have to do that helping. We gotta get back into the labor
case. We have to be right around here. Who's gonna be- I'm gonna do
the labor case. Change that formula for more,
umm, the cadm. So supporting that.
Yeah. That's similar rate rather than linear rate.
And so uncheck.
I'm gonna leave it, leave it. See if there's one below it.
Just run around and go ahead and hit one. Then we'll see if it's,
It's the same uh,
ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm,
ehm. If you want to push more baby,
part of the day. You know,
ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm.
This one looks like a cat. Yes. Yeah,
so I wanted to create one for Barnes and,
uh, which is not a deal. See you later. I'm gonna go to the
dropout of the top. I'm gonna create this.
And I'm gonna find that for more of a little. I have made one
with five of it and this changed their heads.
See, I have made one with the bottom. Oh.
And then in the added operation formulas,
what you want to do. There. And just so much to
burn man. Get rid of that.
Can you hear me burn man? Bye bye.
I can't get rid of that whole thing there.
Yep, and then- Got operations down here.
Got the drop down. There you go.
Thank you. Get your tables in that operation.
Every good. So now we've got to be in there. So get okay.
While we're- I can hear it. Well that makes up that if you have
house-ended. Umm,
yeah. Yeah, because it's looking at- Yeah,
if we can share, share, they stop and pass it in the everyday room,
then as well as you're ready. So it's my bypass all the way from
you straight to the bar. Don't you? So, okay.
So it doesn't expect an argument after it else.
No. We put it at it,
yes. thank you. After the border was ended.
So, this one, this one, the other statements don't have an else and if
at the end. Bye. Bye, Tim.
It's, it's, it's gonna be good. Okay.
Umm, while we're here,
see the length. Thanks. This is what I was going to do about that
was roll and how it works in my vehicle.
The, the, the length formula- basically I said it's really,
it's really, it's really,
um, so you like that,
so you know. Umm,
yeah, you might need no chain cut or something,
you know, it's not necessarily going to be that same thing,
but, well I'll take the- do yourself a quick seat right there and then
just be time to do it. Put the p-ball as always,
cut the program. Do-do that to p- Yeah,
now I'm going to talk to you.
So then again then.
I love you. Basically the default is cut the print.
Yeah, yeah. Maybe do better to count that spine,
but that default is, Cut the print. Right.
Yeah. I would do the cut again.
But I say out of the box, and then he has work.
I'll bet you don't, I mean, you were saying that this is an isolated
site or use of this and I'm looking at it early and with the
line. No. Yeah, it's the first one to go.
Oh, we're doing it before we're getting base plates and all the small parts
of the garden and they run through it. Yeah,
so that makes sense. You might want to go ahead and change your- another
cheap form of this here. We have time for length. That won't work on
the easy time of the stream as well. Yeah, it's just- because then keep
getting back and we need to stay- I'm just afraid that you'll
get the same thing. good point. When we reach our literal step into our
track again. Yeah.
It should be new. Since April.
Yeah. this. It should be that bad and right dude,
just umm, got that. Okay, so you got both of those, but we added
the one at the bottom, right? But,
if you, if you wanted to- Get that bottom blue.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I'm sorry. Go get it. Alright, we'll see you
You might not believe that,
that might be, you won't have to struggle when you get a fix,
all this, you know how to change. Thank
Right, care about the most terrible. Uhh,
uhh, uhh,
uhh, uhh, hm, hm, hm, hm,
hm. . . Yeah, you hit me while the labor rate can not be
cheap. Just gonna go
up. Thanks. But you don't want to realize the most sort of union.
I'm sorry if you like that. So you can get in. can't do And
that's I'm that I've been here. Okay, so do it. You
gotta be. You
You gotta be. See you I'm gonna
give you this.
Yeah, that's fine.
Bye-bye. That's true. Let's go. I think.
You don't need one. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. And
I'm gonna imagine that's still gonna be slow.
But. you There are no more.
Actually, I'm gonna be shaking it down a lot.
All right.
We'll see you bit later. Because it was usually with the like,
at the very slow. Oh, yeah. I don't know what you want.
So I'm gonna sit on that with. Good.
With, um, student, uh, so,
I don't know what I but I mean, I think it's,
I mean, it'll be accurate.
Yeah. Yeah. It's more and more accurate.
Thank you. Don't
you dare- It's
being done. Good.
This
is why I know they're so person aggressive.
I can't always have any of that in my opinion that it's so person
aggressive. Thank you. If
you don't make one system up more easily, you should know.
Yeah. Thank you.
Let
me pull this out and do this. .
Want all the estimates that are,
that have you been there to be what they were when we,
we would need to be able to let it out. You know,
little bit of labor are happy about it.
So, you know, even the labor are happy and Monday or something, so it's
true. Must be a lot. Bye. and after the last
video, I was like,
oh, uhh,
I think, and I think, then,
I don't think this has been as far as, you know, you should be
able to use. I this video.
Have a I'm going to Bye. I'm just looking at it.
So, so that's good.
Oh. Oh, You need to see it right,
and you're doing it all in a little bit from the water filter.
.
Go
ahead and order the vote to shut up.
I'm trying to do this a little bit.
So the farmer makes the cut. Bye. Yeah.
I think she must have said, uh,
on new work habits. Let us know the comments below.
He's really about,
basically saying he said, gospel hatred. Ha ha ha ha ha I
like to drink. What did you tell me to drink?
I didn't. Ah. Uh,
yeah, I was thinking that the database was all only a thing.
I don't have a chance to test it. I won't be able to do
this. Uh. . I'm not trying to mess up with that for.
Obviously, you didn't get any loot, because you used to sell it.
Ah, yep. Now I wish I had a good time serving for everyone.
Eww. I'll pick the hell up.
Eams. See you in a video of that. That'll make you come early and
you'll find me to be lost inside the chicken. Yeah.
Yeah. That's what we are for sittin'
in this. Yes.
Last day of the night, at the facility, the last day of the dispute.
See you next time. Yeah,
so that's what I'm supposed to be doing in this room.
That was like, there's one in the environment, a lot of them. There's the-
environment, a lot of them. But that's a separate term.
Seven. That's why I think Chris is mine.
We have one. the ah, so I was like a secret,
but we had one yard that was a
piece of- Oh, the was digging into something that we were weak on.
He would take that now, you know, they'd rather trim a bit of stuff
than- Just abbreviate to- I don't know.
He's a hot black man. Come on.
Okay, we have to- And I see- And I see- and- Alright,
okay. Come on, I have to- See you guys soon.
And I feel not every one of you that can't even do something unless
you're next already like, why are you doing that?
So I can- You gotta- Don't let me do it. But,
it didn't, it didn't, it didn't repair, it didn't consist.
Why it's been two other extemements.
And I probably changed,
uhm, one of,
one of them is, kind of, for one view,
one is going to purify the appeal. You know, they could,
they could profit change, but. Yeah,
one's other, someone's other.
No. I think it will,
it should be one point to that hours for peace deal and then I
think the other one is- Let's come in front of all the- the bigger
operations that say other. We'll get it
solid and make it one new. Thank you very much. They changed the label
more, so we know which label is which. Alright,
it's alright. Biggest thing in heaven. Good.
Umm,
I swear to you, this, uh,
says that the group certainly leaves. F*** you.
F*** you. I can't have a lot of- Tell me where there was a
woman who couldn't. I think it's something that I actually had a prescription,
which honestly didn't. And,
. It just
in. Yep.
That's fine. Bye.
So it might be the same thing.
I was so very careful. If investigation,
that would be beautiful.
Thank you.
And the other guy didn't increase my height. He increased my height.
He didn't increase my height. So,
yeah. But wasn't he,
uh, he was 140 feet,
uh, where we also had an 18-bit.
Good. Good. So,
which was close to,
uh, close to under that.
Good. Okay.
. started
me.
You
The sun's just got that,
that's pretty sweet and cold and everything.
Okay.
Okay.
I don't know if you're a super offensive,
or if you can. I what it is is we just figured out that
since we're not pushing our projects over and trying
to sync all of our stuff. Umm, we can now be at the minimum
of planning and still do small asking.
the board . . And proposals and changes and stuff inside of this is
someone that you are using in your system, uhh,
but for a while there is space that- I'm really into some literal state
of church, like, you know, serious cash,
but it's not well in here. I'm scared.
If I didn't use it for us to close it and stuff,
yeah, it was a tackle and get rid of it.
Yeah. So, if you like it.
I began to describe the games here so that I can support it over
the phone. Yes. Yeah.
Yeah.
So I understand what they're facing this out. So if you don't have access
to the local treasury of the system. Oh,
so don't you? Tell me next. So what is the new system,
Joseph? Umm, the new system is to not understanding how you build it.
And it's gonna be, Whether they're in a base in and in a candidate
proposals in general, 100% investigating experience.
It's a cackler, and you can get it in for courses on anything for
games. So, it's not like it's going to be a cackler,
heavy bed, heavy work. Oh.
Oh. Yeah.
Do not want us to be continuing on this,
but, I mean, up until,
like, last week, this awesome revolution,
Nashville. So, they clearly have made changes in here,
and now this is all of them. This is actually reflecting that you can
by generating the whole amount of shows along early in the year,
uh, the tutorials. Just last week when I j- I mean,
the proposal for a day that I submitted, did what I saw.
It was good for you. You can have a good place at the time.
You can add. Yeah. Well, maybe it's every now and then.
Zero, six, zero, nine. What's the difference?
What's the- What's the difference?
What's the
difference? Uhh, okay. I guess it's kind of the same. Similar software that says
a different structure to it. Um,
this was set up with everything.
your name. Being overhead,
structured, built into your numbers.
Heavy is very, overhead. head.
It has its own mind and it's... and broke it out a lot.
Very, each labor I've distracted its own extent.
Thank slide. So a lot more visibility for everything,
not support, whereas this has a lot of unknowns,
one can do this with what we know covers.
So this heavy band is important,
uh, yeah. Yeah,
heavy band is just really, uhm,
they have a little bit of a I need it to do their field
take offs and do all that and stuff in there.
Umm, or you can do something similar in there,
but having it as a lot more of, uh,
all on your tutors and processes. But it's,
it's not, it's not,
it's not step. Okay,
so then it really, it's heavy, dude. You actually.
Yeah. This is important.
Yeah. And since. Yeah,
so I. Bye. Yeah,
this one,
we went in 150 hours. Well, I mean, I still.
You Okay. Okay.
Okay. Okay.
Okay. I don't know if it's the same. Thank
you.
Yes. Yeah. So,
and what I plugged in for eight was seventy hours.
We'll see you So,
wings pretty close, and fair,
it is slightly different. We're
helping with people in mind to obtain with,
uhh, what we put in the rate.
Great. without considering the
efficiency. So I can put that at a home really- Thank you,
bye. I can't believe that. You're simply-ish.
So you kinda gotta figure out what to do there.
There. So
efficiency what, docks to, hours or docks to dollars?
dollars. So if it's at 90%
efficiency what it does,
it takes the cap. The calculation of the hours divides by .9 to .9.
So, that's officially
part of the- I don't know where I'm at, it's just going
to be. So, umm, to me, the-the next biggest concern- So.
Yeah, I know the trouble I
always would be in use from here typically if I'm out of a second.
Good, good, But it's telling me where to serve you then.
So we need to do that. We're that distribution when I was in here.
And a lot of times if I'm not completely loaded up or something. I'm
back and start. If they didn't use that one to do it,
I'll have a link around the last minute so that there's something in here.
You that has this breakout. Yeah,
it was of this point. It was all in some independent and general of
the category that they had here. So,
now this has worked out a way that my form is requesting the
information that he gave into me. Yeah. And,
uh, I think it's going to be a fair cause of beneficial.
I think I've heard it yesterday before.
Wait a little bit, it's almost time to be here. . So the ratio
of hearing, I think that's why there is the ratio between fit up and
well, is never right coming out of the tackle.
And you gotta make the adjustments to take it.
Well, it's time to move it to the fit out time.
Yeah, I think I was- I heard something bad, yeah.
Uh, uh, let's have a look right at this,
uh, when I especially in this little situation- Thank you.
I that it's a real worry. And now you can see this change
work program here. If this will stop,
can't even- You I mean, yeah,
he's safer, I have him. Yeah,
I mean work as a field. I think it's their field instructions. Yeah,
thanks for watching. Yeah, Yeah. What are they using? Period.
You say here at the library, we're at this facility,
not involved. Oh. So,
in love, I've got no idea. Oh, no. They're just going to have to
have pensive. Yeah. That's We did it for estimating.
Okay. Just, what, what,
what was the field that occurred in the software?
Umm, yes.
Yes. Just, I'm not sure over there,
everyone's been honest. I've heard of this work,
but I don't know who I heard it from again and we've been meeting
with you this year. I changed so much.
So, uhm. Yeah, so this.
Yes.
This is the ASM in Jackbun. This is what it's about to be your
new strip floor. I'll see you one.
You know, a hundred and fifty hours will be estimated for this originally.
And this was the manual break-up.
That was put together on this. And then,
this is what we have.
So. Thank you. Well,
my question then would be.
you That's right.
And, eh, it's, it's gonna be
fresh. Thank you very If we can adjust it a little
bit, it's just a little bit, what,
what did you grab? Like, are they,
are they, and I'm assuming Mark's uh,
doing this person. Yeah.
it. So, it is that,
um.
It was also a new person. So, But, as you can see,
we can see, well,
as close as it is.
And No, no, no, no. We're going to expose what is
going on. That's, uh, so 20-30.
What's happening? What's happening?
What's happening?
What's happening?
Yeah. That's like, I've never done this to anybody.
I've never done that to anybody. I've never done And even until,
You know, back in you That's it.
That's, ,swips just like that to you.
So you're right. I should see where the differences are again.
I can see the reason you want to, I'm not going 100% because
you're like, well, I'm not going to take speed out.
And then you make the adjustments. Thanks. Thank you.
You run over 75% we want to get that number closer.
But estimating at the lower rate,
that's it. Just adds another tweaking factor in.
So, a little bit closer. Thank you.
But, it will also say, no one reminds a public channel or something.
And the problem is, listen, one day or another.
One day there was a building six lines that were on one day and
they were building a little room. And then over the next day they were
throwing boxes at me and next. And then the next. Thanks. Okay, we're gonna
start from comming with the exit, and in the effort that we like,
we might have said, it officially has to be more.
It's going to help all the work. You know, you don't have a really
good system going, and one thing, you get your thoughts a little bit.
Yeah, thank you. I did 75%.
I can't get way out of here. Looks like he's over
here, Carlos. Release. 8 People,
uh, people are putting on something that's really just meant to be here for
all this discussion. question.
So it looks like you're using the basic breakdown, so I'm already in that.
But he's redistributing fit up and whaling,
redistributing, handling it cut.
Cause the fit up whaling- is essential with it on both the tunnels and
both are essentially the same amount. Yeah.
So it looks like he's redistributing it. I'm going this group,
you mean it? Excuse me? Umm,
I'm going to be it. Let's see what the difference in the word is.
There are a few years to like that. Sixty-one fours you've done for,
uh, no hours. The bottom one in the center.
Mm-hmm. . It's a big life.
It's a life. It's about 120.
Oh. Cause you got 61 and 35.
That's 100. 119.
Told me. We got 40% of the difference in weight.
I'll go and get and go back. I'm doing the power fabric work.
You're up to maintenance, uh,
estimating the weight of maintenance.
And you're up. One-fifth
of the action. One-fifth is the December when we saw the job before.
It was one night scene. And there was that outreach.
That's why I've never seen that do. You're at the Bill and Will manual
quarter hitch. Okay.
To get 6.3. So,
I consider this way that that's why I was looking at 40% of the
difference. I consider this way.
40% is what I usually will see in the right per hour around came
to loyalty. So, the pancake is around 40%.
Uh, uh, 40% difference.
So, uh,
yeah, I'm wondering if we change.
It's not going to stay this up.
Now you're way out of time so it will come down.
Then we'll be in the week and we'll read and share to you. Thank
you. You
guys need to be like all of us. You just change your order next
one and make the other ones go. Yeah,
alright. That, out of the box,
the, the, if you put a, uhm, a field middle or something,
out of the box you just don't control it. I wish you all a
little bit. So,
uhm,
we can change those, those, you and that language and see where it gives
and, yeah, you, you sort of, So,
so let me ask you this, when, when this calculation happens for quarter inch,
they'll run a single pass publicly. Welcome.
Yeah, depending on the type of world,
we hear it corners, we say there are more of compasses.
But, it really is. So,
how does the math go in?
You're just looking at the right. It's not big. . It's gonna be right,
but it's gonna extrapolate against the length. It's gonna hold by and by the
length. So if you put, uh, let's, let's take some,
let's, let's. My rate is five feet per hour for three days.
That's what I don't have to shoot at. I know guys can go faster
than that. But that's just the estimating rate for a three-cast level.
When it's half-inch, you're gonna do six-mass.
We'll the next one. Whatever five minutes.
In the corner each group, I'm used to seeing as Ken put,
and you can wail a whole lot faster than that up.
Go. Honestly, that's one,
that's where the most people are being put in that language for estimating
purposes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Of course, you got to figure out,
you know, what she put in that again. That's a lot of time.
What is, what is that, the system?
What does it do to see her? The machine,
uh, sure, is not going to be an example.
I'm going to take a stakeboard on that paper,
so I'm going to have a similar game. Anyway, good So so. Thank you.
Yeah, so, uhm,
that's an interesting thing about your main book,
right? Do you want yes,
that you're going to make a- I don't know if,
uhm, obviously it's what it would be wanting to be. Okay,
well that's it. Cause like, we could get to see if we're going to
get that something Okay, what's the pattern in the stitch right?
Yeah, it's right. Yeah. That's what it means.
It's just a right. Now I've built stitch for it.
That's what it's going paper patterns. Umm,
but all it is is just a right.
So consider what you want. You have to consider.
I can Good. You have Maybe you'll be,
uh, you have to, uh, for God willing if I wanted to.
I'm just hoping you'll never even want to. I'm not taking the process here.
If. Kind of flip
flat. Okay. Uh,
when you probably won't be on your main shop, cause that's the one that,
that your needs are right. Bye. Uh,
which, which main, uh, I guess,
uh, I was thinking, not clear, I was thinking back.
This is the one that we had last time you were here so that
we could speak numbers.
You can be looking around. Ah,
so, we're back in the answer, we'll be back in a minute.
Yeah, I don't wanna know what to be used to best. Yes, yes, That's
the name. Yeah, me,
that's the one to change.
Thank you. So,
did we want it there? Thank you. I didn't go to, uhm,
three eights, put in your, what did you say? I asked you to say
anything. That's right,
I actually have much slower. or if yeah.
It's just whatever is the standard here.
I'm used to using five feet or no. I did. in you want to
do, like, five, six feet, somewhere in between there,
the calendar. Hey,
jesus. So, take it back and fix the money.
Bye Thanks, too.
Bye. Yeah.
So,
so what happens is, you know, you ask me if I'm not gonna sell
it. But when you guys do these beams,
these built-ups, and now you go from an annual
process, so. Just. A mark. At the estimating state,
would they ever do that, or in the future,
will they do that, or is it gonna have a.
you sub arc, or sub arc is still encapsulated within well.
Cause I know me, right? I'm for data, I'm creating a government.
Are you guys able to- You're going to use them a lot,
and we're going to have to get it down the lane. But I don't
really know what to say. I wouldn't do it yet, so yeah.
If I- I don't really think it, because we know that when we weld
some work on a boom, we know the machine can do 20- inches of
minute. But we know,
uh, and it's a two pass weld for us all the way up to
half inch. Thank much.
Inside, outside, two pass weld are done.
You know. Yeah, and nothing was more of the,
uh. and We don't think I'm gonna date right now to,
because you did one job and you couldn't do it.
But if you start up doing some work welding longer.
Yeah. You need to deal with that,
because that's not something. I'm gonna be sharp most and we'll be laying up
to get you up with what the assembly was.
They were working on the shot done, but they,
they won the shot. Yeah,
I didn't deal with it out there. It's too dandy.
There you go. But they, they, when it came down,
they, they, they, they saw it, and it was the same thing as about
getting it. If, where you got to go? . Like this,
or if you guys were bawling it, like this,
or showing me that. Like this? Yeah. And Yeah,
it's important to bring one way back.
It's important. So, and then we're lagging about.
One and, and meaning,
uhm, evenly, that's a two minute round.
So, uhm, bye.
What do you do? What do you do?
Why do you gotta find everything in the table and see if I can
see.
That's the most terrible thing on the air. In this channel,
it's a kind thing. Yeah. Oh my god.
Cheers. Thank very much.
At least there's four or five of them at all.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, and those ones are uhm,
How many of them have been out for? They've done a little bit.
We've actually got 10 foot, 5, 16,
8, 6. It creates 5 foot.
Then, How about 3, 16, 10,
1, 8? 3, 16, 8, what's with them? 7,
2, 1.
I'm out of 7, 10,
1, 8. Yeah,
and we've got to support him. Yeah,
it was not him. Yeah.
Go ahead.
Oh, I have to check, you know, I guess they should have gotten that
done by speaking to the program. Ah,
but having them do it, or is that going to be better or something?
. And, uh,
creates a half inch. Yeah, you know that way,
so you can come here a little bit, and well, it's later on.
And now, I'm go. You've got to do that, uhm.
And then some people are going to be to get a single vowel and
a double vowel. Yeah. Thank Yeah,
I mean, like I said, you can not be able to touch it any
minute and skip the vowel vowel.
Alright, so leave. Brock the way of demoing down the finger
when you do that. So, the question is how.
And of the video.
Okay, where do we want that to be,
what we're saying?
Good. Just,
uh, and we'll spend everything on this.
Going to feather. We will just. I'll you in the
other one. It's the biggest, easiest thing to do.
Yeah, what we have. and uhh,
ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm.
. . ,-hm. Yeah,
out between all this. We're kind of in just each level.ized dio sir.
They're facing the port for two percent. Yeah.
No. Wasn't trying to see what it does.
Thanks for watching.
Oh,
oh, oh. I don't understand who's in India.
I haven't been for shots,
education, as many as well,
or just for a few. Um, they have.
They have. It's just,
it's a morn. Always worth their risk,
across the morn. You're different at all, and it's like this,
you know. Good stuff. Well,
mischacement. Yep.
That's not the one I'm just chasing. Jason,
so. You remember how to,
well, I'm not doing this a lot of times here. He may have been
on purpose of material.
Umm, I don't think you remember needing
to, well, wait a minute, I don't think you should remember.
I love it. It's what's going on with fear. Umm,
I guess the bloody outside is going to be on Yes.
This is what I like.
Either, you know, there's a- nay,
I can hear from any more questions at the mouth,
sure. Good. Umm,
ehm, You
Yeah, I'll lay it up and check stuff.
I'm just gonna deal with you being with Ginger. Change.
Let me go over here.
Heh heh. So.
So. Heh,
heh, heh, heh, heh. Thank Bye.
Uhh, uhh, uhh, hmmm,
hmmm. Good luck. Thank you.
Thank you. Bye. I'll
take those. I have one doing this, but it's alright.
Yeah, I think they hate it. I have it.
I'm glad that we'll see on break. Oh,
yeah, it's time for you to learn how much. Yeah,
I think it's all right. See ya. I said no.
Yeah. There's about five bucks at the last time. Yeah, you're doing fine.
Yeah. Yeah. Sir, I'm just kidding.
I thought I meant something. Somebody to change.
Thanks for watching.
And I'll see you I'm so mean.
It's a year old.
Why is that? That's Well,
that's, uhm,
bad at him, you know, he's so bad at me. That's it I'm just
gonna be in the street. Well,
the punch he can be helping him get up. But Mr.
Paul was in the A and that's why I considered it. . .
Am I just a man boy?
Forget about this. I don't know what to do with.
You Yeah, thank you.
I'm a cripple of a lot of calculator.
Heh heh heh. Have a good night.
I'm pretty good at that.
Thank you. . 6.
Why not? You've been pointing for 3 cents,
7, 10 things. Thanks,
Ellen. You're okay. I'm okay.
I'm okay. Thank you. I'm
okay. I'm okay. I'm okay. I'm okay.
No, no, no. Thank Boosted him to doubt.
The chicken ain't here to get.
Yeah, that's I
don't even know what l- We'll you in
a minute.
Bye Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, we're going kind of against the
Sam. We're looking at one,
and we're going to look at 136.
What's that? Let's see if we have Uuuh,
with 136. space.
Was Mark gonna give me even budget points?
Was Mark gonna give me much jobs? I'm gonna give you
some of them too or not. I- I almost got a half-boy.
You I don't
have to worry more about it. I have to be glad that it shows
that I didn't point it out and I definitely didn't want it to be.
But it'd be okay be honest, like, it looks
alright. I bet she's down.
I bet she's down. Okay, we can get back to my turn.
. You guys are white at one of us here,
if you want to daily, go back to the job today.
We'll see if it comes out. Right?
You get this out of your belly. Every single job,
every single release says your file for the reason.
Yes, we'll get it back in check. Much of it is.
Yeah. See,
by the way, the second you have to check out the two variables because-
I have a feeling that Mark is correct saying,
ehm, you'll be better, because yeah, they're gonna be changed.
That's why they came out of exactly the same. It's a reason to modify
Bye bye. I know, so it's gotta go back up a little. Yeah. Thank
you. We're it Alright.
I'm feeling now, I think, one of the three tech, uh,
we're building into the masterful servers.
Right? Yeah. Thank you.
I'm gonna die. Okay. Thank
Now we're going to just assist,
and just, just shoot. A lot of times,
it takes a lot of time to do this on this community.
Thank
you. It's time to do. Yeah. Yeah.
It's
all good. Good. Hmmm,
hmmm, hmmm, hmmm.
Be giving something harder to do. That's what we got.
We did. Good. I
just gotta give this damn thing a run for two weeks. Look at that.
I'm to avoid We've to do We've got just
to grab a weave. And we're sure like that.
That's it. I'm not company.
It's NASA base at the time.
And I want more of a little
weight loss thing.
It's, okay. All of this,
ah. You have to be single to me. I mean, that's two.
Uh, it's Tuesday. I'd like,
uh, any top bars. Uh. Uh. Cheap here.
That's nice. That's great. Yeah,
it's Paris. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. So that's it. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Please don't go ahead, I was looking to be glad. If
you're not listening to me, there's a problem where I can respond.
I know what. Umm, yeah, it's over there and everything else.
I it. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. My brother-in-law at the Umm,
uhh, shamed family, so he all won't be selected.
You guys, shamed. We'll see you We'll see you in a minute.
Now, we'll even just holler there. I'll tune the spice.
Yeah. Okay. Okay.
Alright. you
That's a lot of pink,
didn't mean to do that. That's a lot of It's a lot of pink.
It's lot of pink. It's a 75% of pink on me,
man, everyone. Thanks.
Thanks.
It's a 75% of the earth,
man. It's done, man. Let's go up one,
aye. Aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, good one. Thank .
Is it because? I don't think anybody runs
behind me standing fishing, and I think, I mean,
I understand what you're-
I don't know what it actually takes, but I get that. Yeah.
If we, if we had time settings and we knew all of these were
real, then I would agree with you that you'd be able to want them.
But, I don't know. I don't know. I don't believe we have the right
time to check. I agree with you.
So until we get to the right steps, it is in my opinion not
to be more likely to know. Yeah, so one of the things I would
do in a lot of times is, let's say my employees were busy.
Yeah, I would start at,
I was having contingency because I knew that other crews were not as fast
in my age. Yeah, I mean, you know. There's so many ways
to- It is. Yeah. It's just one of the main twins in the background.
I think they're actually another one of the kids. Yeah.
Good.
I also could keep the
shot on it on your tire. Uhh,
simply put it 45 and 50. You're official,
yeah. Once we've got over 52 hours a week,
then we're going to drive them off. Then we're going to cover the cones.
you have to stand around wondering where you're at with your
time. That's the crazy. So that's a pretty,
It's really, really good. I encourage you guys to go for a three-user
call. I always work at seven-year-years.
Cheers. We need to try and push back inches out to the shop program
you're purchasing, and the shop works in seventy-eight.
You know, we were always busy,
always ever coming in, you know,
and there's, I mean,
that's the- the nurses are warning shopping,
they work to us supporting the field with anything and everything that they need
it. Always busy.
And now it's, I mean,
it's all changed. It,
I guess, it doesn't, uhh, it doesn't, uhh. you doesn't support us really as
much as they used to. Umm,
most of them are opportunities and you're able to go this week as
the day or when we get it at all.
So what are they going to mean? I hear that they want to keep
our ministers doing what's best to make sure they're waiting.
Yeah. Wait a minute, are they low? Or are we just chasing along when
we're working? Umm, that could be,
that could be- But a lot of the work we're looking at,
we're, I think, so that's our labor rates,
too. You cause they're charging big child rates,
and we don't have big child with it,
and then we end up having to put your own hair.
We could warm our hair into,
which is selling things out in heaven,
and then me trying to get a look off of that in the budget,
and then, And a lot of times I'll detect hours,
because obviously we want it more efficient,
so I'll attack that for my later, and,
reduce my labor hours and take that extra money and put it towards the
sub-application bucket. They're not always considering that.
And so, That's where it is sometimes for work.
And, uhm, but also all of the,
the back of the- the work that we've gotten this year has been stuff
that we even want the video. I mean,
it's a lot of the stuff that we would not get- It's the background
you've said the estimates about it, you know.
Part of the thing that we've got is we've been here since,
before, you've been. I'm the umm, I think they are just
as many as they were, but it's a mixture now because they've got some.
Some of the guys who are going to structure will do an actual estimates
because order inevitably become an electrical company because they're so incredible in that.
then of there. And so,
that, uhm, just feels like they're focused at a completely different
area and they don't get- snew me in the window because there's
so much more over there, there's so much more.
Yeah, that goes into the shot.
No. No. That's gonna be great. So, and that's,
thank you. Are we gonna leave the application or-
ehm. Sound of this land and give the money well for more custom miscellaneous
work that other trades don't want to do.
So, like- It's data science. I got tons of miscellaneous in a business.
We call it more difficult than average miscellaneous. It's not building- We'll see you
the next thing. Draft games and ladders.
You know, it's really custom miscellaneous work at other shops.
They're just afraid to do it. You know.
Yeah, so the sun picked up the skittest.
It was 92 skittest. Yeah.
It was $40 million worth of work. It has the other shops.
Well, there's skitt shops out there now.
They were full. And some of it never goes- But the
cave guys that came over there were used to building skits.
Yeah. So, they went over to the- And all they're
going to be doing is assembling.
Cause they're going to- I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. They're going to have some unique weapons. There's
just a supply of that part to the assembly. With all our fusion modeling.
Okay. So, fusion will- I don't know the question.
They're buying you to get out of us.
Hmm. We're done? Yeah. Three points. way right . . Way to work.
Uh.
thank
you a lot. Bye bye. Thank you for what?
We're gonna need to hold the line. Hey guys,
I think it's easier around my- Thank you. Otherwise,
it's a mixed message coming up there. I think we need that.
Yeah. Eh,
I think we'll be possible. Yeah, I think we're almost instructional starting
with a kind of tank, stuff like,
see it, it's gonna like, yeah. Good. I mean,
I'm not in the short field of miscellaneous stuff,
you know, that's my favorite tank. That's what I'm telling,
what I'm kind of saying is, datac- .
Yeah, and the interesting part of datacenter is
actually how they're going to give them power.
Upward. Because you have no power for datacenter,
it's just going to raise a vision bell. So they're trying to converse up,
you know, paper tooling and building copper. To stop datacenter
build out for a year until they figure out how to deal with.
Chirps, power,
and water. Cause the whole country is us,
it's our website. It's on the play,
I think. Yeah.
Later.
And so I think that these data-centered people are a realized data,
but if they don't, you know,
they can't jack up people's order. And they're getting unpopular,
right? I don't know if you guys know this through
power bill. I don't know when I'm 20%.
17 22 18 18 I'm personally, I guess, uh, old,
I bought a house that was a brand-father into the solar
system. Sorry. Oh, there you go. And if I had to re-play,
I had to re-do all the solar panels because it was so old.
But because I was a brand-father in, I got to go- .
So mine haven't got enough. I'm friendly,
so you can be covered by a life disorder and just be a third
person, not to speak again. But if you're not honest.
We'll see you time. Yeah, that is the crew again.
Twenty percent increase in the number. I don't know,
I'm not going to change. Let me... But there is no incorporation of commission,
which regulates that, allowed power companies to increase the raise them up in a
minute. 3-7-6,
without addition. Thank you. But I am not,
not, uh, 3-7, without-7-6.
Okay. I'm doing it. Yeah. But I think- Thanks.
We're not there. We're not there. We've got to go after this.
We'll see. Some parts are going in 3-8.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I'm still getting my feet wet.
Until it says train last week, train this week.
You have to make the estimates.
I, I, I, I, I actually thought they were gonna leave their balls this
week. Did you do it, okay?
I'm still getting emails. I'll it back.
I'm so grateful. Yeah, I mean, it's,
I'm trying to figure those out. I've to figure a couple of them in
this morning and allow them to determine,
uh, the programs that, like,
every day that I have no idea that I've heard of the program I've
ever used, and so I'm gonna have to learn how to use that,
I guess. Some of them are not giving you access to it because the
license cost is too much. Yeah. Like,
to me, sales for more. You what I would like to solve the opportunities
we're looking at. Yeah. Sorry.
There's a small job that's worth looking at that,
uh, it's probably gonna be one for,
uh, a nine. I'm sorry.
And I get to look at the tackle side of the hand that had
been side of it, cause I'm not really able to advise it if I
was sitting in on it. Oh, yeah. He's like,
you know, he's like, man, change is so fast and I can't even keep
up with him. But he took a few things in the- He's like,
oh, is that real? Didn't seem like he'd move that
much stuff out. Oh.
Yeah,
I didn't sit there.
I didn't work here. Thank you. Thank you. Two years and then he went
out to his office and came back.
I've been here a long time to see all of the G's.
Please. He said he could come and go back and forth so he could
get it from there. All right. Well,
we did play big too, but the angle and the brush.
Thank you very
You're in
here. Yes, yes. I'm cheering you up.
Yeah. Oh please, that's all I was thinking. Yeah, I'm sweet. The bad thing
is, you when you go, they might be evaluated at the site.
Not right there, we need to bump it up a little bit.
Hey, I can't even say it again.
I'll say. I'll say I'll be really good
at adjusting and pushing later. Yeah.
Yeah. Great. Look what you can type.
I can say this. Alright. Pup. What you type is.
Manager advanced application. Manager,
they're not been answered. It's, it's,
it's. You
I
don't see the plan, you know,
where to come back. I think
we'll tell, right? We'll see.
I don't know what I'd like to do, but I just don't think that's
where I'm sitting. Get up with I
understand that it's pretty big, okay?
Well, we're coming out, and they finally got set up,
and it's been looking for, uh, a second.
I'll get to that right in the day tomorrow,
if you'll do it. Must keep? Yeah. Getting in came
from the Sun in the day. Yeah,
I tried to do sales force,
and the sales force was a no. Hello.
It was a nice camera.
Chris Keller is not in trouble,
so he don't. Yeah. You isn't that how to estimate it?
Oh, okay. They send an email to him and say,
uh, request to you, Kevin. Okay. That's it. Okay.
1.14.
The piece they have left me.
You It's just, it's just here.
He's not settled, but he used to, in my mind,
he used to go for it. Alright, see you time. You They're going to
now. Yeah. You know
a lot of people here are going to be obviously with some people.
Yeah. Bye-bye. No. So long, that's made of this week.
Okay. Good. Thank you.
There's one of the things I tried to figure out.
I like, who are the real people in the platforms?
Who's the guy? The information I bought. Yeah.
Thank you.
It
just said that, that's the team that asked him a question that came and
resolved it. Okay. Okay. Well, I, uh, I said,
if you wait for me, but I, uh, have very much.
He sat at my desk for, uh, fifteen nights and a thousand.
Just a bit, just a little bit. Thank
you.
And so Jeff sent it to me and
Jesse Johnson. So Jesse Johnson
wasn't willing to take care of me. It didn't work, I guess. Oh.
Now we're going All All right.
Thank you very much. Thank Okay.
I'm honestly weak to that thing, so.
Yeah, that's fine. I swear if you aren't,
take a little
I don't know, I don't think this text is even,
I don't know if it's in there for like a second.
Yes, Chris, there's more link in the links in the description below.
Uhh, uhh, hm, hm,
hm.
. Umm, uhh, hm.
Umm,
uhh,
hmmm,
hmmm. You
Like, that is the fashion work that is on women's.
Yeah. Which is completely different than the dual image.
Just, uh, and punch it in.
Check the train,
you know, without hearing what she'd say about it.
It might actually, it's pretty on an orphan. It might not have been very
loud.
I didn't give them on. Yeah, and it was based on what they used
for us. So yeah, that's so sad. So, uh,
we just got it. So, no more to the ass. Eh.
Let's go in. Hey, that's fine. Okay,
let's, uh, shut up. And also do that.
Okay. Hey, uh, I don't know how to do it though.
Thank you. It's pretty fun.
Yeah man. Please take 10% off, marginalize and badness and sort of thing.
I'm having a business. Yeah,
man. Do you know it? I think I should keep not having anything.
Yeah, that's the song. So that's the instructional period. Modern.
It's good sense and is well. So,
you know, if you're not a companion, or if you want to stay inside,
I'd like to see you soon as day. Bye for today's episode.
I don't know if anyone people. It's an area. It's part of the food.
I'm sure still that one is too. Thank you.
It's something that we want you to
know. It's a surprise to the guy. Yeah. Okay.
Like, when you go to the internet, you're going to want me to think
about it. Or it was kind of stuck with the port, and then I
hear this in TV. Yeah. So,
when you go to the sky, it's gonna turn you. So,
if you're a woman of family, and you guys, that's what it meant to
be. We have that. So, like, there's no surprise in this picture.
It's got a little bit structure,
but it's still on the inside. And then it's wrapped in the moment.
Scared it. And it's got a thousand. Uhh, uhh, uhh, hmmm,
hmmm. We are actually,
it's something I wanted to do. It's a kind of step on It's super.
If you don't start the Phoenix Convention site,
you die, I know. It's a bit better. It's about nine.
It's about nine. Let's see.
See you. You know, feet are super cool. Mm-hmm.
Start getting in there. It's a bit better. You know, the custom can block
the body and shit. It's a bit like, lots of stuff, you see. I'm
I'm sorry, That wasn't on the space, pulling the knee blades in the side.
I think so, I'll put it.
Oh, you can hide it as long as you can. So come see it.
You it on. Most of the time, we get used to getting ready to
have on the night site, so we get used to it. We have a
thousand pallets, so you can take away your business with, like,
shoving my monster names. put in hands. It's the,
uhm, and then all the other stuff.
But I don't think we can deal with them. We're gonna say it's the
taste that we're almost new to here. Yeah,
something. That's why I think we can see that.
That's
What's better?
Almost sure I don't. I'm in peace.
Thanks. I'm a 41 nurse at 32.44,
I'm trying to be, uh, careful with that for a bit.
I've been here this time. It sounds like I'm really good at it,
I guess. I'm sure my bad lane isn't put out there,
but, uh, yeah. So, uhh, uhh, just cut based
underneath the belt, almost double.
Okay, so double. See you in the end.
Finally. And simply, 15%.
For gingles, this is our another job that we should run this against.
It's just like this. People, uh,
everything you're saying, they're mature. I mean, I know we're working on the scouring
sides of life. Let's see what we just wanted do. I was just wondering
if I told him that other John did you, uh,
uh, which one? So he pulls out of the five. He pulled out the
much larger John. you It's the one that,
but I still don't do you, but I don't belong to John.
I forget the thing, it's bad.
Who was T.S.M.C.M.? There's a lot of KSM's.
You guys have shit in there. Send these animals at Stop
all of it, and please prepare me cleanly. Yeah. Okay. So,
good. So, good. Thank you
so much. I think you're not. You're getting better at it.
I have a chart lines and some, so, uhm,
thank Okay.
I'll take a at the end of the video. Gee, right? I haven't been
dropped for the split. It's,
it's, it's, uhm, it's, uhm, it's, it's.
I mean, it's, it's. It's like.
Uh, I'm going to sit with some package.
Here's one of them in there. Okay.
Draw one of them in there.
Umm,
ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm,
Umm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm.
I trust I trust you, I just wanted to keep on a total number
of other sections.
There you go. There you go. you go. There go.
There you go. There go. Thanks.
You're working on doing the same thing. Still, you're doing the ground test to
do maximization. You have a very smart job.
You know, I said, I don't Oh yeah. Well,
in the
I, I'm a mock yesterday at the shower yesterday.
I'm here for the most day and I'm interested to buy it out.
And then it's just like I know.
It's like, it's not through ever again. So,
man, I'm gonna be excited. If we get it,
then we're excited because it's not that. That's the song in the middle.
All right. Sorry. You're all Just,
we ought to have a so-and-out rate price.
If only a billion is the type of a woman. Probably,
actually, it's related. So, it might be.
I know, I'll sit and I, I think.
I just walk in the door,
right? So, uh, my step. That's That's it. What I wanted to say is
that you need that,
uhm, uhh, at some point. and and and Yeah.
You know, I know you guys look more like that. You're trying to say,
this is, you know, I have to not do that since I've been.
So, you're- I met him a little bit,
even when he was a little bit like, yeah, I was on the end,
and shimmy, because it's only- .
. I was in charge of the interview team, umm,
so I met him, and I never met a personator,
he was, I met him from my original role.
And he was in charge of the and he was in charge of the
interview team, and he was in charge of interview team.
And we're saying, you know, he's in my office,
uh, while I go there and do something like that.
I'm going to get I really
have to get it. So it's so easy to get it equal here.
Mostly because it's basically about all the- uhh,
uhh, uhh,
uhh, uhh,
uhh, uhh,
Umm, the hour is on.
You're trying to stay in here. I don't even know what you're doing.
Yes, we walked around here. We're getting more.
Uhh,
but what you can do is, if you're driving on a set of penalties,
you're not going to get hurt. I'm assuming you're- I think
you guys will get hurt from some of the private habits,
when you start to do the deals with them. Have a start. but not
So they didn't do that, and it's, you know,
it's true. It's not that hard. It's okay to do.
It's okay. But I think they have it.
Thank you. they have sho-Ive been available.
8 of them-I call them my lawyer.
I don't ever give that to you cause I'm a kid.
I just don't know what they can do here. They can do here. Yeah,
I do. Thank you. Thank you. Umm.
It's the only way to think about it or not.
Yes, I'm in the middle of helping the field install.
Oh. Oh. I just got to make the
new job. They suck it,
too. Thank you. Job. It's good.
Oh, no. I'm not going to get it.
But they want it. They're so,
So, this dog isn't it?
If he didn't feel good, it's kind of a pain. Yeah, it's good.
That's when it is a bit of healing. If you feel out and you
try to help, it's a pain. Get bothered. That's a long amount of trouble.
There's something safe to have. Just seem there to be a lot of it.
You just say. Thank you. Yeah, so I had, again,
my local time was a poo part, so I was having a little bit
of this in a while, how many takes have you been coming
Umm, uhh, uhh, hm,
I wanted to decide, I mean then,
but, but instead of further than the structure of this,
I need to stay. But, I'm into the-
Oh, no, no, no, no.
I can't say it except this one. Oh,
really? That's right. That's all it is.
Yeah. Alright. Alright. Let's get started to the answer.
Peace. Oh, chef.
Okay, let me just rest a little bit.
I want to listen to myself. In the association. Thanks for joining us.
We'll see you All right. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. You want that? You're welcome.
Let me just make a moment of this in touch.
Yeah. Just give it myself. . . Let's go.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you. I'm
gonna take the rest of the way back. Good.
I don't think things I would have been around. Ah,
so, there's too many chance to get them to become.
Alright, that's not how that is to be.
It's not how catchy Thank you very much for joining us,
and I will see you in the next video.
Thank you.
Okay, that's fine. Okay, so, um,
how do I say everything?
It's all good. It's kind of smart. I knew it was the,
uh, uhm, uhm, uhm, uhm, uhm, uhm, uhm,
uhm, uhm, uhm, uhm, uhm, uhm, uhm, It's a bit long.
The part with the parts is the same as the interior project.
I figure out if it's a lot of hours, you know, it's a lot
of good days. And I'll probably do the analogy. He's,
he's not that's a lot. That's a lot. I mean,
it's a way of what we're gonna call her to do on the tell.
Maybe she'll find out if it is. She loves going on. I'm sure.
Well.
So,
alright, so that's what we should Yeah,
that'll make a difference. I was gonna say that,
that made a- I'm not- I can't skip the beat but I'm sorry.
I you know, I shouldn't have listened to that.
Okay. That. That's it.
You're
comparing another one then? Yes.
All This is one of the bads.
Okay, good. So
I am
adding one of this 69 with
75. Bye. I felt it was 46 with taking eyes.
One, five, two,
three, four, five, eighteen, one, one,
two, seven, eight, three,
five, five, four, six, eighteen, one,
two, one, two, two, one,
two, one, two, five, five,
five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five,
five, five, five, five, five, five, .
He's following right here in a second. Yeah.
You're going to get your friend that gets an individual job to take.
Yeah. He doesn't know how to operate from the job. Uhh,
uhh,
uhh,
uhh,
uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh,
uhh, uhh,
uhhy, uhh, as disciples, but that child gets hurt when you're innocent.
So, ok, that was,
uhm, I'm sure. So, with this one, we were providing it with a total
of honors, and it said, put it right out in the head and come
in. Oh, ok. Focus. Uh,
this piece came from here. I think it was,
yeah, it gave us one last time we set the video out.
They didn't, you know, get it,
okay. Umm, that's what it did.
No, it didn't appear. It's, uh,
what it Umm, yeah, you know, so.
And this was, I didn't trust
that, and this is. . This is one Okay.
Okay.
Now that the guy who worked here,
he said, he said to me, he's dead for a little sleep. Alright, Mark
here. Good! Then go click Hold on.
All right. If see you I'm guessing we should just find some more because
without hearing with them all the time, you know, those are the steps of
Katie, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
So, this one, uhm, uhm,
pretty much every single one of these packages, a,
You know, originally made the project at quarter-range process of the order.
We got the button drawn on the set, and all of the weldments.
Switch the 560,
and set it forward. We are up.
So, with all of the things,
we're- re-estimated before we spend a month in the floor,
just out of the seat, to make sure we weren't in a bus,
to get more in a bus than we were in a- trying to get
ahead of it and say, here's what it is going to take us,
and it's over a certain dollar up and you know,
you you can assess the meeting. I don't have word,
check capacity, some, some point.
Um, so that's,
that was kind of the process. This would cost him a he's,
we'd get him in out of the way yesterday,
you know, or they, uh, put out a lot of over,
and then- and then they don't get married to me.
So- So the- the mix between your fit,
the gweld, and other. Bye Is essentially
what a fit and well is over here, but yeah,
it depends on what you're under, it should be.
What about you? You should- Yeah, uhm, but you're essential
to this. Thank very much. I still have,
on that lice, I'm going to shoot it before my death.
that. That is, on that last job, I should have recorded that as well.
Can we get back to where you do that? Look at that,
you know, with that I'm sorry,
I should have, uh,
grabbed it while we were there.
That way we- See
you there.
Okay.
No, no, no,
no, There.
It sounds like Chris is
quantifying and tasked with making sure the numbers are right.
I think, again, it's up here. So, uh,
you can eventually say,
yeah, these are good now. Let's push it out a little bit.
That's it. I like what he said he wants,
he also wants to be a patch of all balance.
You and I both agree with it. Thank you.
Thank you. Very, very good. The whole business has to be on action,
right? Yeah. I want you mad at it and you can start working.
Then just- You know, I'll fix it by training by us.
I'm not a man. Sorry, I had to use this a lot.
Oh. Okay.
Okay. Okay.
Yeah, I want it to,
okay. Shh, shh, shh, shh, and .
.
And
me and that, uh, the efficient.
I don't think I'm
feeling it. Heh, heh, heh, heh, heh, heh, heh, heh. Okay.
So, you, you have a step out of that that you just showed of
what the job really-
This is just a description today. Okay. Yes, this one needs to be the
biggest. Okay, week. Umm, the last one we were looking at that,
I can, I can pull up. Ah,
I can pull up. Alright, so this one,
two ninety-nine. You're gonna give
us the actual announcement. relevant. Yeah.
So, it shoots me up a little bit.
We'll see and tell us from this one again.
So, we'll screenshot it. And a second.
3A2's yet.
So, yeah, it was, it was crazy.
Shh, my name. Yeah, we'll get everyone to do that for a reason.
The other one, I can't understand what we have in the county for all
of that. I'm thinking both of the top of the lines.
Okay, so, in v3,
right now, I have some other lines that we're going to be making.
in. 3, 3, 20,
and the, uhm, the, uhm, the original.
So, it's a nice, nice, So, and then,
I go back in here,
and I go. You here,
here, And,
in use,
in the hero. That's,
that's what we've got a lot more on the other speeds that she's in
for the rest of the game. It's actually fun now,
actually. What's that?
I think they're following.
Yeah, they're starting to try and I think they're using heavy vid.
Thank you. This is pure speculation that it's gone.
Because I don't know what you've ever been for ever to get shot and
to get. One that's what I'm curious about is,
Is the, uh, low field shot? Because it's such a mechanical shot.
Yeah. That, I'd be surprised if they don't have a pipe made package.
That's just- So, unless it's very finished with
actions. Thanks for your patience. Totally
finished 10. Just under 10 hours under the original.
It's 299. Umm,
well, we used 86. I guess it is.
and we'll see you
For sure it's gonna be mine.
Uh.
I'll put it just in the stairs,
and we had an inch, and put it in the- Umm,
ehm, ehm, ehm,
ehm. I'm I'm going to be sitting on a
71.75 instead of an eight.
Looks perfect to confess. Yes. Umm, ehm,
ehm, ehm,
ehm. 5, 6,
7. We need 7.7.7.5.
So. Okay.
. If I look that up, I'll be looking at the,
uhh, the part of the agency that, the beginning of the video.
I'm if you're interested in that. There.
You're feeding strongly into it.
I think that low, low,
low, then long. Love.
You know stuff? Yeah. I mean,
I don't have the history yet, but I'm not working on getting it.
Okay Yes,
I think Power Fair Techno is going to be everything that's structural
that just drives and. . . You know, that electrical that you're talking about.
. . You know, that That's it. . . What we're Oh,
it's the money! What's your actual on the .
. . 25 0 6 0 9 48?
You have that.
That's
the person. Uhm, that's the second one.
The more we hear that, the more we hear. This one,
uhm, this one was just ready for the production today.
Okay. Okay. See you later. See you later. later. I'm going a good Yeah.
Okay, I'm Dave.
Umm, Ehm, Ehm, Ehm, Ehm, Ehm, Ehm, Ehm,
Ehm, Ehm, Ehm. . . Yeah. Yeah,
I'm gonna see what we got. Or dude,
40, whatever hit it,
the more the better. Later. 7-4-8-4-8,
correct? Thank you much.
And, uh,
techless outwards are total of 58.
8. Budget be in 69.
Uhm. and
We're kind of going all over here.
You No,
they're not, uhm, uhm, as an example,
on the 2407 5-8. Alright, we'll see you fit up and will are
basically right between tech on the budget.
it. Umm,
the last one looked at 25060948.
or eight. It's
pretty close between fit up and the wheel.
Um, it's- There's a little slight difference.
The, uh, uhm, 2-5 this one is- there's a 48%
d- difference between way old and a 20% difference between fit
up. And if we look at handling cut.
That's it. Burn. So just handling.
One job is 8.78, um,
high in tech. there. 30% low on the next job in tech.
20% high on this job.
Thank you very much. Yeah, I think that was 30%
high. I'm the first one, 53%.
Low on the second one, 112% high on the next one.
Burn is 34%.
Thank for your attention. I am lying on the 1st one, 1% high on
the 2nd one, It's
all the same families of jobs, we'd be basically making people with live plates
here, they have different types of jobs. Umm,
this one. And the first one, the area is the one,
the both of them. It's kinda like the first one we're lacking.
I'm gonna be in a middle room. Alright.
Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. That's, uh, um,
the sixth one when we did it in the middle. Uh,
that one, when we did it in actuals is,
a mixture with a lot of structural,
as well as sinusilius,
so it's got angles, cusset, please. Please.
Umm, a bunch of little stuff,
and this is mostly 80-odd.
All right. Yeah, cause I'd say, by the line, if you start mixing hand
rail with music columns, it's a good one.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then,
and some of these are pretty small. I'm just going to see it a
little bit of, uh, while I'm around. Uhm.
Yeah. See you I'm going to see if it's in jail to cut it
under and learn it more. Yeah.
Uhm,
in the hater, it's good. . You can see,
we can keep it on the same scale of the 758 project.
Umm. Come on. Which is structural and
a small amount of misleading is in one package of 7.5.5 1,1,2,4.
Let's see.
I was like, oh, he changed his life,
yes. Yeah. The only thing I saw that I was looking just for that
was we were low on burners. Yeah.
Yep. On, uh,
yeah, let's say short that middle job was about.
Bye-bye. The same, but there's a little round to the lid.
You know, you can't really use that.
Mm-hmm.
And, you know, I-I know, I-I-I-I get us
experiencing-
I didn't consist of it, whereas, you know,
people flip the wrongs and get a general period,
right? And so- I'll go with- if- if-
if I see some slight variation there,
then it is because of his- Yeah,
of course. There you go.
The way, I shouldn't say that the way wind blows is,
I don't know what's going on in that, but he's not looking at You
can take it back with a grain of salt.
Yeah. I mean, I want it. Strike it down.
Okay. Well, you tell me,
but a lot of structure is either the dog or pallet belt or tongue.
A lot of people feel like a pet.
Good, I don't know, I don't like it,
but they do. To me, it's like,
you start out with the hours you think it's really gonna take,
and it costs them to hurt. And then, And then you look at it
and say, oh, okay, about how much money I get for a ton of
compounds. Why is this fun hiring?
better. I use 30 pounds per
minute.
Yeah, I'm working. I've heard what I would call our standard working.
Yeah. And I'll do the same thing. I'll slide it. Okay.
Let's just begin the moment here. Yeah. So,
like, if you see, I don't have to bring that to a minute.
This is great. Yeah,
what it is. It's, But that doesn't
work for instruction. It works for gopting shoots,
authors. We'll see that
other few gets used a lot, so that's kinda gonna bug in this.
Yes, sir. I'm real. So
that's a theatre. Well, the hours on this job.
Yeah, nope. Thanks for having us.
When
I was 16, well, I went 3, 5,
6, 8. So then,
I took the point 6,
and, You And then they say,
oops, that doesn't jime. Is it's
changed? Is it white?
It looks like it ought to be in fit up because,
well, on this job,
Techler was. was. higher on by 38%
and the fit up was. a little bit work.
way under. Probably because using the name and doing the
manual manipulation down there, you don't get fit up.
Yes, uh. So, I would bet that goes in.
In fact, I won't put it in there. Uh,
and the other part is it's, it's awesome. I,
because it's weird. Just in a well rate,
and I calculated these wells.
But essentially, this one's 5-16 well.
Hello. Which is now .6,
whereas of all of it.
You It was .1.2.
Okay. And so now is the piece.
All these 1.2. You know, 0.6.
And either of them are actually cut. Either of them or the other kind
of. Yeah, that's 1.2.
we'll hear. All right, thank you for peace falls into the other hand.
Okay. It's essentially why I was estimated for the exhibit and they gave me
an amen. I didn't need assessment to, uh. I'm sorry,
but I always ride on and calculate all the AP6s.
It's the sound which I need time based upon tablet.
Now I can go in here and globally edit. yeah That's a little bit
more action. A little bit more
action. You But because it's polished to the piece,
are the metrics that we've changed. Yeah,
I've changed that. I've been. Okay. Uhm.
So I just don't think it's skewed. The other categories and skewed with He's
sure. There is.
Thanks. Really
zero patterns. Yeah.
So, like, burn on this one was pretty close.
I mean, right, um. Thank you I was 18.69 versus 18,
whereas burn on the others,
one was 28% under. here.
1% over 34% under.
Um
There is no pattern whatsoever.
Umm. Oh.
I mean,
I think it's gonna be, I mean,
the word hundreds.
I think it's also gonna be the hundreds. Who wants driven by Mark,
the one who's driven by Gilbert, because if you start mixing those,
you're gonna have the left. I don't know.
Yeah. Yeah. I think you're,
you're, well, at all of these it's concerning mirrors.
Cheers. You're, you're, you're,
you're not listening. But it's really the actual,
right? The actual should still be the actual, be the actual.
We going to Well, now let's go back. All this, you know,
the actual one, two, four, six, about eight.
That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to sit there so that the
actual was getting that. And then 566,
that's the baby chart, you're charting it yourself.
Yeah. Okay. You guys have a good job.
Yeah. Okay, good. Yeah. And the 566 was supplied by Gilbert.
So, we were held to their dollar amount to be supplied by that breakout.
I estimated that after, just so that we could see if we would,
uh, us a little over one and a half. How to do? You know,
I guess. We'll make I'm to do Bye for now.
I've got to see you in a second.
Yeah? Historic me and guess we're around f******,
Hey,
what? Do you know what you're saying?
. . Just Okay.
Yes sir. I want to thank you for I don't want to be
a person. I just want this,
you
I mean,
I have a little nature that-
Yes,
sir. Yeah, I really think it started on. Then I'll get me ahead on
my nothing procuring. All right. So,
okay. Alright.
Yeah,
so that particular line is what we're talking about.
Two,
but then we have, One,
the, uhm, it's nice and confusing.
Uh, and then we go in here,
see if it's 3.1. One. And I'll see if it's 3.9.
Two. So I guess,
this is all the- I mean,
well, it's 2.35.
Bye. . That's not the document,
it's uh, handling is zero, but we only have any six plan honestly.
Thanks for being with us. It's something hard to do with that.
Let him go explore for some of the projects that it was.
sentence, please. So,
I think I can, uhm,
just production people still. So,
that. That's five minutes,
moving to base point. She lives plus number five.
Bye bye. Let's see,
if you want to help,
I don't know this. Anytime Umm, 13,
5, 6, 3,
17. So, if there's one bigger child,
then where's your- I think I've ever tasted this one baby bad.
That's what I'm going to do. You I
mean, there's so much data here. I mean, I see 600,
370, 1800.
There's a lot of data. I don't here.
No. It'd be nice to have a little chicken.
Dop it off. In one,
I'll swoop into itself. Well. Yeah.
Like,
those logic numbers don't match well.
So, I don't want to hear
it either.
Who's the Justin's signify? the file. Umm.
Well, they're shaded out of the day, it was like a sassy thing. Let's
see the worst. Okay. That's what I'm saying.
It doesn't match this, but then there's,
I mean, I think three missing base adjustments.
Justin. The plan, right there. Yeah,
see, there's actually an, uhm, an estimated hours.
hours. People go as well,
but playing in this, that's where I was expecting to see this one.
But they were sending, they were using the adjustment of the estimated.
That's about it. So a plant is the sum of adjustment plus base.
Yep. Bye-bye.
Time's right machine,
so I'm just sitting here in the middle. I'm gonna associate that before.
It's dead.
Okay.
I'm going for an all the story to- is it a shuttle?
You're not gonna- Good. If
that Okay.
Subscribe,
send us an e-mail and be like. I can send a spreadsheet and say,
here it is. I would assume that technology may come before.
Well, thanks God. Bye I'm even working.
Let's go out! Lay down some clothes.
Django. I'm still in that typing!
And every week, you know,
just having that as a report, custom in person's actual phone.
Well done. A bunch of tries.
It's,
uh, time shoot. It's-
I
don't know where all of them let you not even say she- Umm,
ehm, ehm,
ehm, ehm, ehm,
ehm, ehm. You know. I'm also,
uh, these, they said, uh, me and one sheep. It's the same.
Yeah. We'll finish. We feel that we constantly,
we're just keeping things new and age student.
So each of those good jobs are on the bottom.
Alright.
So. The
person is literally like on your, your computer.
No, this lives in Mars.
All the- In the art, that, and shop.
Uh-huh.
This is the way he does this cute thing,
and it's, uh, I put a spicy thing in here.
Yes. That's it.
I'm
used to have Fred Dutton doing this.
. . Of course, and tweet. Think of the 12 reports,
of time, and then it goes through them with you and Shane.
Okay. And then he stopped or came here and went
for it to keep our time connected.
He didn't stop.
My chance of the time. It's,
So, uh,
I think it's a good but I'm really good,
so I think it's a good shot.
Alright.
So much.
Thank you
There's the internet. It was really hard to push, not going to be a
140 South Douglas.
. .
Uhh, uhh, uhh, You
Because
I'm fat, so, uhm,
and, uh.
.
It's being loved as, if you've seen it,
watch any of Parafabs videos,
he's the one with the handy mistake, that's it.
Ah! They, they would like to some input on
what people like about those types of systems.
What they don't like, what you want to see them prove.
I have a feeling they might be looking at doing something with that.
So, yeah. Yeah, I know they're really good at building integration and,
you know, they're really nice if we can mark off something.
You can call it, you can call it, you it a side there,
and then mark it off in that total. Yeah, I'll be able to make
your contact here. I'm gonna leave it before I get up with you.
And that's the doctor. How's your all
of you, Owen? One. Well, you're all going to step in and give
it up for an hour and a half,
and uh. And then it's all the end,
but I have, I have corporate,
uh, environmental here,
due to the area of settings. Yeah. Anyone? Yeah. You know, I have, uhh,
I don't think it's way to think about it.
So, uhh, I have a much more- And you guys.
Uh,
you look like beautiful weather out there.
It's not- going through all this. It's really possible.
Yeah, it's going to be dating in there. It's not bad.
It doesn't even make sense to it. You Is it the same thing as
you think? I heard they're eating a day out of the That's just stupid.
Good. It doesn't,
not, like, put no story on it.
It's like that, it's paper bag for the shipment.
Ok. Thanks. Thank you for this. If you want to think of me,
or if this seems like a good change, then they file it.
Sunday and Monday is supposed to be, Yeah.
I'm singing
enough, I ain't. If
you've been tensed with that, uhm,
you need to listen. Uh. . . .
.
That's it.
This is the end of the session,
the name of the 29000. It's my boy.
It's my kid. It's my baby.
I'm the kid. I'll you next time.
All right. What the f*** are you doing? I'm on the back.
Okay. See you.
You Do you think that held me here at
once, though? I don't. I don't know,
I'm just gonna be. Okay. He haven't responded,
so even see there, he said it couldn't make me let us know and
we'll die of it. So, after you know.
Yeah,
I think you should. Yeah. One more and a second on the right. Yes.
You can follow him. Yeah. Yeah. Bye. Man,
he wants me to serve him for all of this.
It is pretty. Boss didn't.
He didn't. He didn't.
He didn't. He didn't.
That's in question. Michelle. It's one of you and I'm thinking of telling people
what you think. That's how they start going.
It's right. And as soon as we pass- Yes.
This is how much it's ready. Okay.
Umm,
ehm, ehm, ehm. Okay.
I mean, it looks like they have sports at all. But this is way,
that's no longer right to go. Uh, I don't have so many.
But, uh, it would be the playoffs. We
saw the place of the coach. I was back to,
you know, here we, uh, had a sense of where.
Alright. Alright. It's every install that I actually do.
It's not. You know it.
I can't.
Umm,
ah, hm, hm, hm. What's
the narrative of what switch does, what lower of electrical does,
what uh, revolution electrical does. you guys.
I'm trying to get this, uh,
air sentence. But what are the little lights of air
sentence. . Yeah, because,
um, we have a switch way to go and do the cops.
If we're going to be, please stay. Thank For a lot of power,
at least. We did, like, lighting packages with a thin cell,
and we were kind of like, More orders,
and I'm like, so I'm going to say thank you very much for watching
and making it a little more possible to get it on the bigger,
uhh. They must have been like that.
I don't know if I can tell you that question.
Jenny will be here to have one.
All So I'm thinking, even if you're already felt very bad.
But we're getting very much with the first step.
I can't even go on in the lecture for a minute in our study.
. .
.
yeah,
since I'm going to decide on a big bunch of database,
the permission is set on a sketch. Yes. Yeah.
That's it.
Cause I was good at it. And the video was not.
out. I'm
sorry. What? I like the mask that I like.
Just mince it. I'm not it.
What is it, sir? No, sir. Thank you.
Thank you. I'm better than I am. Better instant damage than it.
Oh, what do you want?
Bye. I wish you'd watch
out, Jimmy.
I don't need to. It's about sporting, it's about a year old.
Yeah, I think I'm a person.
That's the only way I can get into one thing. But, Ha,
thank you for listening. Thank you so much for listening.
It's very, very, It came up with me yesterday,
I was like, Oh, I forgot my stash,
you know. Like, I'm not going to make sure you're switching off.
Thanks. Thanks. And
so, I'm going to go ahead and make- It's a little bit better than
that. I will go look in here and
re-face it and come out to the palm of the ring. Want me to-
I'm not be a person.
I'm person. I'm I'm I'm I'm not not gonna person. I'm not gonna I'm
not I'm not gonna not gonna gonna be I'm not gonna be a person.
I'm person. I'm not gonna I
don't understand what bringing gifts. You didn't say that it was going to pop
in and bring it stuff down. I didn't understand what I was such.
He became a bad guy. He said, oh, I'm your foot.
He said, what's going on? He said,
you know. Bye.
Who else do you think you're
share? He is!
OK? Thank you so much. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank little. Umm. Thank you, OK. Alright. Let's My
I just got to get the right hand. I hand. hand. All right.
Any moment,
have a good day. Have a good day.
Alright, have day. Alright. Ok.
Alright. No,
no, no, no, no, no, I did it.
I did it.
Did you get a phone? No, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no. and not the good.
Here, if you guys want to know,
it happens. It happens a little bit louder. If you're increasing better than what
they've had, you try out a Yes, sir.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Is that right?
I'm I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh,
look at this. Uh, you're saying all about it.
Yeah. Uh, uh.
What. Do you have travel, at least, was 40,000 weeks out of the year?
I think you have a lot of travel. If my wife will get away
from it. Okay,
yep. Okay, so I'm gonna need to experiment.
Bye, I'll be with you. Yeah. Yum. Good
to be honest.
Three. In here. Right kids. One,
two, three. Good bye. Good bye. And that one was
just born in August. So I'm brand new to you,
you know. And I- That's it.
That's it.
Yeah. Okay.
He's just, uh, three-four months old,
and so, but they's the right question.
Why am I sick? I'll ask him. Okay, cool. Well,
that's why I'm doing this one. Two of my three kids need five of
my glasses. No cheering because- Uh,
they found cataraphic worship. They played a lot more of them to hear it
and see how important it is when it's involved with your practice to cheer
Alright, I'm going back. I'm going back.
I'm going back. I'm going back. I'm You can see it here.
So then I'm going back. Maybe you gotta look at Southern California.
Yeah. Yum. How old are you kids?
Okay.
Do you have minor? 31,
26, 21,
and uh, heh, heh, heh. You Okay,
that's how I was late getting started. Yeah. I've been a,
uh,
19 year old and if you want to help me. Uuh,
uh, uh, huh. Uh,
uh, I was going to run a set of,
uh, organisms designed by him.
Thank you. I mean, it's just,
you know, I don't know what it is. So I'm putting a microphone to
a period where it says we're not having to get it,
we can't afford it. Uuh. Then they got
pregnant right away. Oh, yeah. Oh,
shit. Uh oh,
shit. . . I'm married, but he's a date-m-girl out of serious.
It hasn't, it hasn't been a little bit. He lives in DC,
he lives out. What you're going to contract is a wrap up
really, man. I understand what he does, but, um. I'm not going you.
Something with ArcGIS for the military.
His girlfriend has a real- .
She is our Secret Service in the
White House. Great. Very good.
So she was,
she was telling me back thanksgiving when they were home.
And they were poor.
She left. Really nervous.
She said very much. I'm not going to be able to do another check.
There. So
she, uh, she gave us a question on how to make a, almost, um,
three, but, uh, she learned that. I'm not sure if you can have
the National Guard or something like that.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
She was leading. That was right. Two.
Her ship was done at two or five and that means she's walking you
with power. It's in the car radio and then it's off.
Once it's shot by me,
they'll, when that comes out,
you don't make it, if you're on the ground, you're hitting that I think
we're going to have now, so. And then we're going in and shutting the
white house down and, uhm,
you know, the secret service section of police is outside the white house as
well, okay. So that is actually her own co-workers
that were on the first ones. Right there with the guys.
Bye! That's a lot of real pretty staking up.
Huh. From that, so.
How's it going? Have a good one.
I just visited my daughter at
UNLV. Yep. you And I've stopped for the lunch at
St. George, Utah. Yeah.
As I'm drunk, I'm good to eat. We'll see you next time. I thought,
ah, how much one can sound, it's a little bit extra.
Like, I've never had a car. So,
you do that sport. Uh huh. You know,
come up next to me and if you look at it, that was a
day chart, but you've never seen it. Uh huh.
And, as I did for him,
the traffic was just- . . The complete shit show.
Yeah. I think they were to look at it in part to see what
they could see. Yeah. Yeah.
Definitely. Wow. There's a thing you're trying to find against me.
Yes. But I was all the way. I would go up to the,
I can imagine the one with a cheaper shirt,
and I have to tell you who's the last one.
I haven't been here. You know what? I didn't know this.
She was T.S.A. in Orlando Airport.
And T.S.A. I'm a little .
. I did not know that they were in the same department.
And so, you know, solve this as an opportunity.
with me. Of course you haven't really tried anything like that,
but they accept and earn you. But you don't really order them up to
you, which is really far as to be nice. I'm not,
it's a sign of the point. But is she part of the detective detail
or is she? Mm hmm. Yeah,
she's fully, Checked out,
you know, all the guns and everything.
So, you know, shoot that right in. Alright,
absolutely. She said- Well,
I'm not sure you can get it found. Normally,
they just, it's out because they're on their side.
But, when that happens, they- So I that there isn't looking for any longer
than she said. Yeah, it was quite,
you know. I was going to be looking for three or one to wait.
Good. Good. Okay. Okay. All the way up there.
She took us all the tools. Yeah, my hands. I was talking to my
man. Oh, we don't need them. I don't if that sucks over the street.
It's better than the community here or something. It's not just talking to them
in life. This is God's, You gotta get some everybody finish through the
thing that's talking to you. You gotta get I'm gonna explain to you this
one a little bit. Bye. I got scared and everyone was very sick.
Over the last 28 years he said, I was really like,
Prince sit down and- He
was like, he was like, just thought he'd come through, you know. Uhm,
but it only got a lot of stories. I'm going to shoot. Thank you.
Thank you. Yeah. Being interesting.
question.
I asked them,
I asked them how they've got to learn how to develop this,
hm. . . . ehm, ehm,
ehm, ehm,
ehm, ehm, ehm.
She said they're actually, they try to not watch a lot of stuff.
Hm. They don't want to be too biased when we leave them because,
They're going to the same thing being,
but, right? Yeah. But she said the flip saw that,
too, is her kind of seeing the movie.
Yeah. You know, hey, I do more than,
uhm, but she said it about, you know,
the news, thanks. Thank So, yeah,
she's like big, very normal people in a very good manner against her.
I don't know,
Okay.
Let's do it. Now, please look. You know what I I
don't know what I mean. Okay. I'll next time.
He just worked the White House for this year to go on these advanced
teams, you know. These people drive.
So. So, The White House is her main focus.
When he travels, then they,
that's, I just volunteers that want to go on a trip with them.
And if they don't get volunteers, then they get volunteers.
So yeah. They should have been a good for 40 cents, you know,
and they should not have thought of driving too much, but they do have
to go a certain amount of trips over to Every Okay.
But, they don't fly on the plane.
What's your commendations right? All that it's right So,
breakage. All right. . They usually follow at Harvard Williams.
They're not flying their horseback. They're not.
They're not. Alright, see you How much
gear are you going to check with you?
Mm hmm. Okay. Let us see. I
can't lose any, I not a doctor. Yeah,
unbelievable. So if you cover.
All right. All right. Here we go.
Sorry, Fred. Mhm. Mhm.
Mhm. Mhm. streets.
Mhm. this is what I like, here was... just that Trump was just after
the Kennedy Center. Which is easy.
They had to take a hold.
In detail later, because she was working
that. But may that be cool because that was,
And a kiss was there,
um, George Street. I'm here to do all this.
Alright, let me see. We'll see you back in the next video.
Bye bye. Bye bye.
So all I know is that I still know.
Okay.
I'd
rather just stay open. Hehehehe. Alright, then,
we'll Can
I help you?
I heard a lot that,
uhh, like a lot of shops barely touched and gave it a delay,
but. But. I mean, I shouldn't,
I shouldn't feel better.
But, um,
yes, in the 60's,
we can more show them the clients I've had for a little bit. As
to make a Two, three, four, five,
and you usually learn historical. It's a bad app.
It's a technology in the slides. We don't probably need users.
We can just add them in the back. Uhh, uhh,
uhh, hm. Uhh,
uhh, ehhh,
uhh, uhh, eh. Uhh,
that's right. Yeah, we got a guy at dinner with last night when it
got full, that's sweet. Too powerful.
Yeah. up. That's right. I think that's where it
I'm and that that's where it was still in theown I have.
And I've got to still. I feel like I'm really old,
I'm thinking that. I will be down a little bit.
That's right. Peace. See you soon. Most of the time the estimators of the
retailers are the same people.
If you really ever said I'm willing to just come and eat it back.
Yeah. So, ah, yeah.
This may be the details we've been saying.
Let's, let's talk about 10 minutes and see if that's- I don't but I
don't see, I don't Thank
you very much. And that,
too, is really nice to me. Alright,
so this is my 100th birthday shop.
I'm gonna get it. So, you know. You're welcome.
I don't know how to
use this.
Thank you. Anyway, with this one project,
project managers feels like all-in-tea and everything,
which I don't understand. Because we're an old child,
if you are a thief. So if you learn to name your project,
that's what's happening to other new projects. I guess,
man. Actually, half my career has to be able to have the project benefit.
So I get to have the opportunity very much.
And I'll really like to get it.
It is, it is weird to have an idea to put it.
You know, that's, that's an, that's an, and I'm sure you have some project
right into it. Or all of a minute. . You know,
if I can stay in the middle of the room,
it's functional soon. And. Hold on.
Keep that in It's
just, it, um. It's just. tax tax base of $1,000.00 $2,000.00 in the $2,000.00
$2,000.00 in,000.00
a So, uhm,
uhm, hm, hm,
hm, hm, hm,
hm.
I hope they have a big money. I'm sorry I'm next to you to
show But you guys are out of the city,
so take a shot of a lot of body that pug. But I'll let
us apply them. I mean,
it's the cheapest way to increase.
Thank you. I mean, you know, the base models are about 300,000.
I think those, you know, performance. friends.
It's like a coasting saw in front of it.
Yeah. They're very, very nice set-ups,
but I think you're gonna leave her and smile.
Don't adjust for the homecoming, but it'd be more simple.
It's about a million bucks for it.
Yeah. We'll see in the I got the baby's shirt on the baby's shirt.
He launched what I'm a taxideric friend of the day, laying in the dress
all up next to you. I'm going to do this out on your plane.
But, yeah, that's not what you've communicated.
Okay. You know what,
I'm surprised when I'm out of the incident,
nobody's laughing. . . That's what you want,
eh, uhm, you can also take a read-by,
uh, email that I have. I'm like,
nah, nah, I'm a station,
I'm not a station. I'm a hundred African-Dawak program.
I'm possibly update this dimension.
I-I had a- I've heard that SBS were going to buy them,
because, you know, they've got to have a strong mission, which is,
uh, got to have a patent suite, and it really- I really don't like
this guy. Yeah, sure. That like button.
Yeah. And it's the best one. That'll be 5 trons.
I'm sure it'll be 5 trons. That. That's the best.
It'll be a test that will be right. I'll have it.
That's good man. Whoops man. I give best ears to the docile.
I know. Yeah. That's me. This is awesome.
I'm one of her dead surgeons. I still have business.
It's an abortion. Mm. You see
her in life. Yeah, I wanted to think these guys had been chasing
as well as a pencil. So Yeah. Problem is it's,
it's a paternal handling job. It's not- It's not a bad job.
Yeah. It's a technical pattern.
It's horrible. It doesn't order choosing until the cows go in.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You But they have, like,
a hundred different designs. So,
have fun. They're all about it, you.
Thank And every week the schedule will move,
because the medical will come and end up with weeks co-authors for the weeks.
Yeah. And if you don't have all the design- Sometimes the pills,
you know, in your system are set up. They're at least thinking it was
part of the- you gotta get set up.
And again, it's 22 days, 22 working days to build one,
and then they pay a premium for 10 days.
Thank you. It's
just a game of managing the logistics of it. You just have to have
10 truck wheels. . . The fourth order sitting out there has got
to happen. And then you need all creates play.
Please. It's,
I've done it three times. I've never made money in the labor,
I know. It's three minutes.
But time you get s- So, Yeah. Well,
you're an enough later to just wrap it down.
Yeah. And, some new management team said,
let's do it again. It's like,
It's not that it feels like the one set of.
It's about. Yeah, it's almost like a fashion brand,
you know, where you need your braille and make your make. It is manufactured.
Yeah, it's absolutely right. Yeah, but it's not a piece and a dual it,
uh, because you're a pester and they're used to it all the time.
Umm, uhh, uhh, uhh,
hm. A
lot of work, you know, you know, and just,
you know, then just squeeze the additions.
Yeah, and then get everything. They're a lot weird.
And then figure out how to go, you know,
it's telling me how to go, maybe, you know,
we're setting up all the jigs, we're setting up, and then kill it.
Most, most, uh, people can't send us to get up with that and then
we'll go. Do more for Jay and I'll go.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Instead, I'm gonna talk to you a little
bit about that. So I think they're an extra chill shot in Kansas City.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. We had a shot back there
in terms of-
Umm, ehm, ehm, ehm. That's why I'm
not pushing this. I'm going to try that.
So we were doing one with the bottom of the car.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I mean, they felt completely capable. Okay, bye. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. listen badly at hunting,
right? You Yeah.
You Let's shut that contract
down on all of a sudden. Yeah, I'll be up. Thank you very
much.
Yeah, it's like, wow. And then,
It's like, oh, it's that.
Multiple people. I don't want it to be,
it's, uh, in the index area.
So, they're going to try to sell strings.
Good, I don't want it to entail,
but either pass those or,
uhm, doin' like the data center.
Yeah, I can imagine this.
If I was told in a pretty specific,
they'd have a lot of features.
issues. Yeah, a lot of curling.
But again, the day you're eating. It's a stop.
Alright. Bye-bye.
If you ever had a chip pad, all the utilities are on this floor,
and all the tools are on this floor. Yeah. Yeah.
So they set these tools on these two of the top tables.
Yeah. When all the people get started, they go negative telling them,
yeah. So they get a speaker. So these,
uh, tables are pretty complicated,
cutouts. Yeah, this is the other one.
I know. Oh I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know if they were being told that I was speech.
Okay. Here is their zone.
Okay. Bye. Yeah,
I know. They're too warm. I want them to.
It's not like they're being huge beer fans.
They're shaking them all over the place.
Thank very much. So it stops.
Now, I appreciate it. And I'm going to throw this out,
because they were just single fans, so I'm going to give them something in
here and move that way. That's bad. Okay. Yeah.
Well, just, you know, not my choice. Yeah,
I'll do it. Alright, I have the freedom to achieve this weather right
here. All right. All right. I'm gonna leave you out for a minute.
It's time to call the group. That is,
You Fifteen on those days,
no, it's a lot. So,
I think that's really well-looking now.
Well, that's a busy dude for you, but you have to look at it.
I have a lot of own new response. Oh, my life,
let's show this attack, my stomach binding, and we'll test it.
to it . That's uh, that's uh,
that's uh,
that's uh.
So, uhm,
a lot of people say it's from the GMOs of the genetically modified foods
we got. But. Bye. My body just can't recognize the,
the brains and all the different things that do to them anymore,
so. It can keep us here and.
Well, that would count as one vice even more today
than it will be. and welcome to this I've never seen so many
more years ago. Yeah. Heh.
Heh. You Heh.
Huh.
Okay.
Second in this shot. Okay. Good. I'm go ahead I'm go ahead There's time
where I can do this. Hehehe. No,
no, they won't speak to me. Go look. All right,
we'll look at that.
But I had that. We were, we were looking at Jamie Bates or none.
Yeah. Signed out and had the bakers go. We'll see You know what I'm
saying? One guy came in and he was like,
he was perfect for working through that collar, and he was like,
oh, it don't pop up. I don't know how it did for all this
time. I'm back.
I don't know how it did. Please consider reaching because I don't know what
was in that. What was that?
You're sure to turn the lead. Yeah. That's bonk,
it's only molding. Thank you.
That's dedication and expiance, you know. Okay.
It's very, very good. Mm-hmm.
And I got two more. Wow. Mm-hmm.
All right. Well, I guess they're certain what they're supplying.
They know that. I'm ready to go. I'm
really thinking that about god or kid.
She's strong, she wants to sing on it, and she's still at home learning
it. You know, machine's all over and out, and where she- Don't in the
next video!
Heh, heh, heh. It's a crazy lot dude.
Here you go. Good. That's what you mean hi.
Bye Yeah,
I'm not- I'm not just sharing.
I spent a little bit . Oh, she's getting lost in for holidays,
so, hmmm.
I was like that. You're gifted as my presence. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm gonna
listen. Probably won't rely on days when we're following the episode.
So, goodbye, so. So,
baby. I'm here.
I'm Everybody's going. The most uncomfortable airplane you have to keep by that.
Thank you. So, I'm going to be flying back
and forth between your days for the last 70 minutes.
I was 15 dollars and 31 cents and I was like,
dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah. You just have to say
it on your f****** tour. You
just say it tour. You just dah, dah, dah,
dah. Bye Like,
uuuh, uuh, uuh, uuh, uuh, uuh, uuh, uuh.
I was like, I don't know if she did that on the two sides,
but it doesn't help her eat. Yeah, yeah. Did you bye?
No. I'm it, but I don't know.
No. I'm not going to going to it.
It's like, I'm going to get it. I'm not going to get it. I'm
not I don't
think you'll think so.
I'm glad it's nice and cheerful. But,
uh, let's do them on a bucket, man. It's,
it's those are large, large things. We need to work the same and they
cancel them and fix it up. Yeah,
don't, uh, hopefully to be honest, you got to take a morning for a
mid-morning flex. I don't think you need flights to have all- and a He's
either delayed or canceled. I never had spent twice and seven months in the
late day, probably fifteen to twenty-nine.
I got to the airport,
and I'm in security. I don't.
Thank you.
Thank you. Your plan is new to that. What are you doing in security?
Well, what the- no, you didn't get to the email?
Yeah. There's my email. Cool, my ride is,
you know, so, uh, girl, what am I gonna do?
I'm gonna talk about a lot of your big,
big cases. We have one house the house. Yeah, that is for you,
that's for you. That's for you.
you. That's for you. Yeah. I'm gonna,
I'm gonna go out on the plane. We get down and then reverse the
jacks and everything and the all-place problem. I can take that out of you.
Yeah. Yeah. Totally alright. I might survive this one.
Yeah, I have another orange family so they got up on you.
Uh, too. Good. I've
seen a few, a few fights.
I've caught a player and they've already done, I've just got to show them
the, I've got them started. I know about the very cases they've already showed.
I've got to do it. I've I've got to show them some good shape.
Follow time. Follow up. Oh, yeah. And they're, they're helped out in Minnesota,
so I get a little brush for it. I don't need 30. I don't
need to get to the bugs.
Yeah. My flight was the offensive part from holidays,
and it's getting my two dogs watched here back home.
Bye. I used to boil them south with us,
but I got them done and all of them took it back,
you know. They've changed us in seven or eight or ten years ago.
I wanted to get it. In the prices that have become the same as
America. Yep. Please subscribe to our and we'll see you I just like,
when I go to the American city, I fly American, and I go to
Salt Lake, I fly Delta, and I go to the churches in the fly,
and you die to their settlements.
They wanted you to really nice,
really nice to everyone. I'm funded in a while,
I just, I think. You It's almost
good up here. Yeah.
I need to Delete the number,
whatever it is. I actually got an appointment that I have.
So this year, I have to recoupend that.
So. So I didn't even know if I'd like to play the three games.
So if I did all that before I started doing the front gear things,
that'd be up. I'm glad that I get bumped up from this glass a
lot. And so if I went home over there and I'm going to be
fun. you I've got Travis and all of you.
I'll be like, wait, I'll be up there.
Cheers. Well,
don't come and get you, right? Because all I think I see is going
to find out who's the highest ranked person in,
uh, steerings of who you love.
If I'm not, if I don't get in first class, if I don't get
moved up, then I'll walk my first class and I'll see somebody up there.
If I see a kid or something. I'll there if they should stop.
Uh, oh, let's see. That must be very good.
Let's see. It makes the whole difference.
. Oh, it makes a huge difference.
Especially when you find one side of the necklace.
Yeah. Yeah. You're on your proper nose.
Yeah. Yeah. Blood out of the earth, spoken stuff.
A little bit from where I fly. I don't know if you can show
them. I got first about somebody out of here to get.
Yeah, that's it. That one would fly and make something better.
Most of my life is going to be an hour, so. Yeah,
I'm in here. Yeah, that's it. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. So again, I've heard some of you saying,
yes, this is one. Okay.
I've got a lot to do, but my childhoods,
the Pacific Northwest are looking at us a little bit.
I'm really looking to see that for a little bit.
So I didn't have my bipartisan scarlet. It was up there.
I'm not. No, I, I'm not.
They're all playing kinda. All this is your turn.
I'm ahead and One, two. He's
holding this watch.
I just created the longest in the Philippines,
uh, living here in three days and look at four days a week.
Yeah. Yeah, it's interesting.
We see each other in one another, so.
Yeah. I hope. If you're not around
in one day. You And, uh,
keep going out of here. Let's move back into some of the gather.
Once in a bit of a little gather. Keep going.
I don't quite like to see that all. I can't afford to hear me.
Yeah. See you for a day or two. It's nice to see you. It
was nice to see you. see you. It was see you. Uh,
some country guys. About three hours,
one minute. and So,
I used to go to Wisconsin a couple times and I went to Chicago
and . I never made it. I always got bogged in Chicago.
I finally said, I drove here,
flew up on a legion to ride.
Yeah, that's what I'm gonna do for now, huh? Yeah. Cause you can't, that
you're not. Yeah,
I've refused to connect through it,
but one that I didn't want to struggle out on the stand. Yeah. I've
gotten discriminated more times so not in that sense.
I hate that, but it's the biggest American.
American. So, I don't know why you're the West Coast.
I'm going to be in the house. I'm going to eat it.
Okay.
Yeah, my dad wanted to be trusted about your reason for a,
you know, almost never combine a connector. in the direction.
So. It doesn't
actually find to bring that land to you.
Yeah. There we go. I
don't want some tea there.
I love Cinque. Cinque is so much stuff.
That's, ah,
and there are completely, you want a bunch of it,
so it's nice and yummy. There's a couple areas there. So that's enough.
. . What I think about CTAC going to know
is, going to security there, going to the camera. Okay.
you Some of those lines,
I mean, the reason I got century used to all the way that shit,
if you don't have a century, hmmm. Oh, I see tax lines to go
to, to fly to Canberra or just, um,
be just, be, be, be there now with,
uh, uhm, last time. I mean,
I guess I was playing. Here, maybe they have a different thing that they
had. Seven different T.S.A.
Check points for one area,
right? And that one gets you to the case A,
B, and C. See you. And, uh,
yeah. I mean, now, you know,
it's this, it's this custom splurge, right?
Now, you have a little entry. It's been a long You don't even almost
need to stop walking. You can just walk right through the face of recognition
issue. Use a spot. I'll see you So,
that's almost that problem,
if you don't have a purchase, now you're getting a V.
They're sold, you know, I don't think that's good.
I don't think any more here a few months ago.
I just had the keys in for a check. I got it. Now I'm
going to get clear, since I sat on the bird for 7 minutes and
days, got this dog. I'm going to get clear so I can get clear.
And it's pretty short.
I'm not going to explain it because Charlotte is a fan of me. I'm
going to show she's going to do right now. You He's showing me,
he gives it that I'll do it. But, heh,
heh. I don't think it's such a freaking hustle. Heh,
heh, heh. Heh,
heh, heh, heh, heh, heh. It's a experience,
good practice. So stay tuned.
10. 10. People in London are going to have to get a sip of
your check. A couple of times there is a law in London about getting
a pointer in the camera. Heh, heh, heh. You better.
I'll see you I hate it because I didn't do it for a bit,
so yeah. So maybe you'll like get that one and share it.
Heh. Yeah,
we must apply that, but I don't like it once, cuz I don't mind.
You're still all trying to get through. Yeah.
Mm-hmm. I hate that I'm a someone on the way to your
work, but I don't really know how to do it. As soon as I
get it, I'm trying to get it structured. Mm-hmm.
Yeah, that'll be a lot.
Lastly, I'll put a soft link to get home and,
I had a riddle, which I hate to be with.
And I actually got no real room here with the client,
so I had- Yeah. About an hour to perform a flight.
And then he said, there are a couple flights I might get on,
so I went on there for a- Bye! That's what you're leaving here at
3.6. We're time to get back for sure.
Good job. It's not really.
So, yeah, not really hard.
Oh, I've been thought later because it's 3.6,
but I'll show you how to go. I'm going to move it. Alright,
nice. Plus, I mean that. Three out.
Yeah. Seven down. Seven. So,
my flight leaves here.
Three forty-one, like,
I landed on thirty-eight. Of course, going back,
it's faster, because you catch the- Okay,
I'll catch the wind. Yeah. Yeah. Umm,
but yeah. Uh,
forty-one at home, so,
yes. Yes. I have to worry about it.
You've been correctly in Charlotte? I've been not done enough in Charlotte.
So, I've been fronting on just,
he moved from Phoenix to Houston. He worked for Dwight for Ferguson.
And I just- All let's get Yeah, do this. Moved back to Raleigh.
Uh, yeah. And, uh,
his wife's family's there and the parents need to care.
Yeah. Yeah. That's about two hours each
so the new thing. Probably as long as I say it in the video.
Yeah. Yeah. I think I'm pretty happy to be able to be used
I'm going to move here. You know,
keep going this way. You know, back and forth.
Talk a little bit. Yeah. Yeah.
Well, depends on if they want to build a shop,
if they want to do something, uh, where they want to be with us.
Mm-hm. Mm Mm-hm. Mm Mm It's not.
I can be here. There. I
get the sense that let's hear that the assets we have.
I don't know. But. And try and. Make those more productive.
I get a sense there's some of that. I have to. it.
I mean, there's so much binding work, you know,
sending them on is busy here. But they're so,
hey, the center is starting to understand.
Let's let him. I need work, uh,
in Arizona's mining state. There's so much work,
and I can come here. We're not really set up to do mining scale.
I don't. Are
you very useful? What's your next closest shot?
Good job. Other than this, we had a shot.
Did you hear it like what, Steve? No? No,
no, no, no, no, no, no. To be continued.
In the conversation. 18 18 19 It's just something, a rang-up, you know,
just on the closet. Could you hear the last one?
What is it? How do you drive up there? Thank It's,
uh, pretty small. I mean, I think most of those stuffs,
like, type back and stuff.
That's right. I don't have a lot of The smaller one here.
What's the next closest one after that?
Casper one. I said, Casper only,
they have something Texas too. I'm very glad that at all.
I see it on the back. It was an important thing to do with
Casper. You know? Umm,
that's it. I think you're all paid for some parents,
you know? No. Bye. A lot of them don't cross these things.
I can't stop them. So,
uh, I've got to finish. There's,
My organic shop is supposed to be set up pretty well,
given who likes structural. Anyway,
there's no- I mean, they're important. A percent,
no you're putting around here! Deb, dum. Oooo.
Were we doing a bit by the minute?
Okay. Well, I think there's a very
sparse, it's a very structured shot.
Yeah. Yeah. Really? Mmm.
Hey, no, sir, when I walk your distribution, eh? But I think that's the
thought, couldn't be. But it's,
It's bringing, Oh,
it's bringing it right. Haha.
You got a plastic counter right there. Thank I got it over.
Somebody just got a come out there and gave it a stick.
You know, they got a little tiny pressed right here and a little tiny
shear. . That's the extended extraction,
which is an all-in-a-one, can you be reminded that you just can't.
That's an extended destruction set. Yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah. So,
do you forget to mention that there is only a part of Part 2,
right? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
be heard before. So, I went there, I literally built that and she was
paid for every time I was a local. Now,
you can't even run it, and it's actually looking bad.
You I think it would be impressive if you didn't want us to be
rated so much. So.
And I've had it in 40 years and I don't. What's that?
Okay, we're on. No,
I just did. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Sim. Sim. Yeah, it's,
I don't know if it was a fly part of it. Yeah. But, most
of the- I'm sorry.
It's not like the aim of knowing that it's CPC.
It's not as long as that extra thing will. Yeah. Yeah.
That's, like, the multi-relationship that is.
I will withdraw and then the machine will discount.
No.
Was she not at the end of the day? Well, we're about everything,
but we shouldn't say she's not. We didn't know that the battery wasn't working.
We We didn't have this machine for the, Great.
I mean, barely two years. Why are the batteries working on that?
So. Go. I
mean, it worked out. Yeah. So. Good job.
Hi, I'm You know what I mean?
What's going on here? I kinda know. I think,
at least. And it always has. you It was at least 30 million dollars,
sure. So,
it's contained a little bit. And now,
breathe. We gotta settle. Go. You're about to get an equipment.
Look, dude, good to go. Yeah. Yeah.
It has a third. It just means to me that.
But if I'm, uh, now I'm coughing,
I'm not leaving. For
having this to be a month. I still don't Don't anywhere.
You're not Every just part of the piece,
man. Shut up, man. Go ahead.
I'm working on the name right now.
I even- I don't even I don't I don't even think this is this
job that we're going to use to all the- I
don't know the rest of the video today. That's the feeling that you still
can't help. Okay. With the jobs and actually you need shit wrong at the
end. Okay. This was not my biggest fight.
Somebody didn't like- One less child,
and I think they want it because they didn't do a bridge into child.
But there's no reason that a child went at the plant.
It should be competitive.
Here, here, and just that's up to Phoenix and just North Phoenix and Clarksdale.
See you. But I think
that's what everybody's saying. There's no reason.
Like, I think in the pipeline, we would- Okay,
let's sit in that. I have to say, that's my plan. If they can
sell for a form, you can just farm that out.
Question, go ahead. It's how- I don't think we're ever going to be able
to- That was a strong work.
It's just not going to be a job that fits here and for it.
A lot. I think you see what they do in that one.
Me too. Yeah. It's not going to be a job that's
going to be And back to the bone.
Back to all the difficult customers. You know, everybody's going to forget to dive
in them. Oh, they're brutal. Very documentation.
I look up at it anytime soon. I look up at the drives that
you can go on. See, back to the other. They get,
they get some open worlds. It's not too bad.
No. That's really unusual about it, but it's,
for your evidence, all the typewraps,
it is like, it's called the major.
We'll see minute. Crisis, you know, it's good to forgive you.
But I think it's a tricky job, but I don't think we're set up
here to do it. You get the drawings in November 26th,
and you got to deliver 7,000 times. You said March of 27th.
Yeah, it is. It's, it's,
it's all fun. Ah,
it just means that some day I'm, they're,
they're not even. You I'm not to release it yet, cause they don't,
they didn't have to. What? Yeah,
I see it, I believe in that one of these.
Same way as asking. We have the, tepla,
can we have stuff? The end of the time is pretty fun,
too, it's like, ugh, you're gonna be doing all this size,
and you have a short period of time, again. Thank So
the truth of that, that thing, if you look at the e-mail-
Yeah. And after those,
I couldn't even have worked to see that.
But I think it actually came from some- I mean,
Denver, that hurt about this.
And, uh, I don't think it was here.
I think it was stuck somewhere else. Umm.
You And then they gave her an extension until the twenty-second,
uh, they marked what we think out of the twenty-second to put the bid
in. So how are we-
We're not. It's just a bidding exercise. I think we're going to find out
that back to the shop's weather. Yeah.
And there's gonna be, that's just my guffin.
And that's gonna be the most historical show I've watched in my Because
there's not much out there. Salt Lake City,
much out there. Yeah, it's the beginning. SME.
And that's all I can Yeah,
I haven't told you to look at it.
I mean, they probably aren't responding to them for short. I'll catch you next
time.
So, send them all out there.
Alright? Alright? There's no lady that has another blackboard
Yeah, right. Ah, ah, ah,
hm, hm, hm, hm, hm,
hm, hm.
I don't like it. I like to, uhh,
actually just have that thought. Then I'm into the one unit with that.
After I intake the j- I was already working in Canada.
My community there.
That, uh, was We'll see how it goes. Yes. So I went there to
run that shop and stopped.
I'll see you down in
the panel at the same time. I know you've got to work with people
that are 100-bit okay. See ya.
And I know- I know they have one up here too even then.
I know they've got to, you know, get that shot here.
Thanks for engaging probably. Okay. It's like,
alright, I have two yards.
It's like, I need something like it. Wait up.
Thank you. Now.
You I do not to go in
anyways. There's- Just in,
in Salt Lake, just a little south of Salt Lake,
and it's going to be all these over here.
Alright, so you're going to be with them. I don't want them to manage
their, their, their KSM ski jobs.
I don't want them to drive the KSM ski jobs here.
Yeah. Yeah. These aren't because they're a structural steel and plate that
was ignoring them softly. Yeah,
but I don't know what was last to me.
Umm, they're, they're in the J.T.
Spiel is spurtin' literally about two blocks from S.A.
Okay. I don't I'm really not gonna sit.
So, they need to.
I haven't mentioned anything yet. And I want a little bit of workout,
but these are good. When I was in the first time I got to
talk, I couldn't get it. Yes, but. We need to so much
of this stuff. I'm gonna be sorry. I'm gonna be sorry.
I'm gonna be sorry. What's that?
I'm gonna be sorry. Sorry. I thought,
you know, art is an anime and something to do with it.
Well, yeah, I think that's not gonna be the type of thing that has
to be- . I want to. that did it.
It says, I told them, currently, he became the authorities,
I've arrived. And he said, C.O. C.O. C.O. Yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah. Okay.
There you go. I know that's interesting. Okay,
I'm gonna take a few of those. Okay.
I know that's fine.
Bye
.
Let's see if I can read
it and like once because it was done.
you But they want to sell us,
uh, labor that's semi-truck law,
clean up, to re-mittal industries,
really. . . And, you know, maybe one thing,
if we took play, sold it to the job.
Good job. So these heads were once divided
into the edges.
... ... ... that's fine. I don't have time to run
like, I mean. You 896,
240, 4-3, 4-3,
6-8, 8-9. That's,
that's wild. And,
uh, they got a seat in person.
One of you's through, uhh, hmmm.
itzelah. I've got 3316, I think that's the lowest they go.
Uhm, there's only 964,
is that 46, uhh,
said. . . Ah, the limit. And what it's like,
Smith's up, there around 64.
for So that's not the Texas,
alright? They'll deliver it.
Because they got trucks coming into the valley. And then a lot.
And then it's going that way. It's just great.
They just can't judge it by the night. I don't have,
and that's kind of what I'm pushing to get this in the front.
Because if I don't have a solid plate, it'll be close. We'll be right
Alright guys, so Fun, I guess there's some arts that have jobs.
And the track, the usage isn't going to divide a conqueror and skeleton with
everything but- . Then I'm gonna get started.
I've got a good flake inventory. I can pull a cost into and-
. I and then call it out to myself.
Yeah. And and do kind of an intro.
Are we done? That's all, period. Thank you much.
I want to use the word easy, but I don't want to use the-
I don't think this is really, uh,
but it's super, super simple. We'll see you Yeah,
I, I, uhm,
that's one of two types of super quick. So.
Yeah, that'd be our best edit machine.
You Yeah, of all of them. I hear nothing but good things,
and they're like the investors. Yeah.
In the beginning, forget. There go. It's a-it's a-it's a-it's
asound good. You're the music guy and might not want to come and pick
it up cause now Michael trunks down in her and.
Yeah, that's the thing though. He beats everybody's prices here and then like,
well, he's-he's eating them. Oh yeah, this guy.
There's the 26 cents a pound in the infrastructure.
I'm like, okay, I wouldn't have sat. And then I'm just gonna get So
How's that working, exerias? Uhh,
well, they pick up our interior. It'll pick it up there again,
and I'm gonna bring it back. So, I didn't. Just.
. It's really affecting us. But, ah, maybe we have a lot of alpha-9
in it. I think it's stuck across the border,
uh, my issue with the- I don't mean to eliminate the trucks
to get that done. There's times where,
like- I don't get it moving up the bus, because we have the one
extra piece of it, and then there's a bit of all the LITRs.
It's easy to deal with. Okay, by the way, we had two or two
pieces, uhh, because there was an offer to go.
Let's go. Start. So,
I'm talking to the ladies. See the, you know, you should get back to
me. You know, I can't find that stuff,
you know. I've been, you gotta have a couple names,
it's a call. Oscar, and somebody else is like,
it's like, pulling feet in the whole language. If I can look it up.
Yeah, I don't want my head. This is pretty good,
uhm, pretty good. It's back and forth with,
uhm, that's good. I'd say,
uhm, good bo- the operation of all my projects is sure to get off
of this. Really? So, then even,
I mean, next door to materials that I'm still looking for.
So we're also about two months,
but I'm just keeping it in any regard. I love it.
I think it was a really big deal right here. Yeah.
Yeah. That's really good.
I think so. That's what I thought.
Yeah. Very good. Yeah. I Come here.
I think they've been around for forever since our time.
So yeah. So they got that,
that mark. It's making it hurt. Uh, nah.
I heard the little mexico thing. I've never heard that. I think they're what,
are you Mexican? Yeah. Yeah.
You Yeah, Mark. Could you repeat them while I had,
uhm, uhm, could progress all the way down there into the facility.
That'll be mexico. Okay. And that it can sound like a clock,
or they can call the, uh, the keep all the workers,
a, a task force. more. So they can't figure out something
to do. And everything's all,
we're into the team there. Very accordingly.
or anything. I just don't trust the stuff that we can have with somebody
sometimes in this film. I seeing my I love seeing I love this I
love seeing There was a while there we got into the tip of it,
the gravels because they couldn't get in there in front of it.
See ya. Thank Yeah, I was there.
That's an oldie. Uh,
thank you. Thank I didn't expect a 130-25.
Ah, that was a while ago. Hahaha. Hahaha.
Hahaha. The instate's been there,
some of us, uh, probably has talked more bad,
I don't mean. That's including where I've started to occur.
Umm, uhm, post, has taken me from the top of the sector.
Uh, it is an entry into the sport.
The only- The only thing that I also believe is being,
uh, uhm,
approximately I mean, cutting eggs, cutting a lot of all of their materials.
It's been no reason by direction that every body will possibly be less
than a minute. I challenge the first victory on that.
See, oh!
That was pretty close. That's all I'm going to need about 16 grams,
so I'm guessing we'll just stay adding on the, on the habit of this.
thank you. Oh. Or it's copying this one,
I guess, is probably gonna get this order placed tomorrow.
Go some in the- Yeah,
awesome.
You you Yeah.
But, you know,
I don't work. Uh-huh.
Let's do a quick pass and see
if, uh, a king of the industry.
you Thank you to the Port of 307.
So, I know.
Hm, hm.
Bye. I've
had some lessons in the rest. Thanks much.
Uhh,
Uhh,
You know what I You know what I mean.
Come back to your home. Back to your- You know what for
Good.
One thing that I'm questioning
here is that that's about if I direct you down by the right doesn't
end it and direct you. That points
on where the program actually is.
Umm. Okay. I
mean, it couldn't be, like, man, I have both. I don't know about the
words. It's a bad choice. We'll see you So,
which version I wanted to run for that case?
It may be with only one inch force for riding on the base,
but it's just different than mine. So,
ah, okay. There you go.
Let's see. Mmm.
. . Just try to see that.
Um, the P bring in a little bit.
So I
was going to be sitting at home and seeing your reason why it would
be a different thing to be a recipe. to be the first This is
the same service in privacy. Okay. Unless
it's just not uhm, uhm, I mean they can have that.
They can start it, but I mean they can create it and not start
it with the service. That might be the only other thing.
Good. Whilst trying to pull the picture back
there. It's all over.
It's on. You see that? Wow, there's shots over here.
So, usually it's just like, you want to go outside search and you run
that part too. But that was- I remember that once and I don't
know. That was her misquining. She was like,
yeah, that's her name. Great. Just go ahead
and put something in the generations for the work. Okay.
Umm,
yeah, ehm. Thank you.
Um, you can say that there's a moment,
uh, from both sides. Um, you can still go here. Alright.
So. . . Okay.
Seeing a new college should be, uh,
so far. 4 3 No,
no, no, no, no,
no, no, No, no, You've been apparently submitted everything for our games.
This is the only one over Thank you.
That's perfect.
It's been intense. It's been intense. It's been intense. You It's .
Yeah.
you
This is going to be a crunch. That's just the amount that you had
to find in it. Yeah. Here it asks,
can you look where? There.
I think it's that portrait of that on theaters.
purposes.
Uhh,
uhh,
uhh, uhh, uhh, hm.
. . . Okay.
Okay.
Right.
What's the default? Bye bye. Is more often treated with sex?
Ah, I can get it to me the only word that I can Like
it's what gives us a very loud, hard time.
Well,
I don't know. I don't know. It's the opposite one.
It's the kitty peoples. . . It's the same here.
I see. Thank you.
Yeah,
he just likes to go over two and eat some.
Thank you. Bye. Church of London. You
Skips.
Thanks.
Umm, uhh, uhh, hm, hm.
Mercy and I.T.
That's uh,
seems to be the bottom of the- I was used to the loader,
just walking out of the server and eating popcorn. Yeah,
I can eat. I can eat.
Yes, I can eat, okay. Bye Umm,
jimmy, jimmy, jimmy, jimmy,
jimmy, jimmy. Umm,
there's one up up. We move in the name of the photo that we
can. That's chivalrous,
son. Okay,
so I'm gonna show all of
you.
I love the crowd here. But, you
know, I'm loving that you there could be dead. Okay.
Good. All right. All right.
Yeah. Good ball.
And that was a normal blue jewelry. We'll guys in the next one. There's,
uh, one year,
uh,
one year, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm,
ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm,
ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm,
ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm,
ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm,
ehm,
ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm,
ehm, That's
why I'm going to place a little bit bigger in the yard.
3 4 5 So
they can just go wrong in here. man.?
1 That's fine.
But I don't know why. I don't think that's the way it system. You
know, you share. Ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh. I'm going to go.
Yeah. Yeah, that's my new one.
I heard someone made me want to have it on my second, so he's
been doing a lot of other things. So, happens here. All
right, let's excuse me, ladies and gentlemen. Stop here,
I'm running an official name, Mary. I don't have any team in this room.
Thank you. Oh, okay. I meant the other thing,
but, uh, there's more on the next presentation,
yeah. All right. We're winning,
or I'd use probably every start-out server is where everyone's gonna serve
it, and it should be in, like, land.
Yeah, that's what it is. Our regular one's working just fine.
Uhm, it's just this new port and not having- I saw
it with it, so. But we can
at least go over, uhm, kind of. I'll see you what
I'm here looking for. I'm there. I'm assuming probably pretty similar to that dog.
He is definitely known for wire with me.
It's a place of water broke out in there,
in cages, and the purpose of the lines of the wire,
and then the purchase of the light at least. For,
I guess, five items for a electrical start.
Uhm,
and uh, hopefully it will never happen to the water in the Indian season.
It's been a stressful morning to you all. I remember this one.
Okay. All right.
All right.
But, you know, you normally have, like, hundreds to drop, but yeah, boom. Umm,
um. Bye. I mean,
it's like 47,000 feet, but uhh.
Um, the idea,
the biggest, the biggest concept, um,
is, We're putting a lot of effort to do any bin modeling,
uhm, on the actual side,
but you see just support. The level
of detail we're going to go through for a lot of models. the It
is, I mean, it's an LED 400,
so it's worth the model and that's in washroom.
It's pretty out here,
so. So, if we're putting such a cost into doing this,
I want to be a little leveraged, uhh,
the abilities of- hmm, so that we can actually
run it through,
As this if it were a structural thing,
right? Uhm, and where I'm running- Thanks
for running to is it's where all the assemblies are,
for the most part, unique from a struggling- I'm struggling.
In a rod length, but from the grand scheme of things,
we're only like 10 different types of designs. We're just good at what we're
doing. Umm, and then, But everything's done with that.
So, if I knew just an IFCX for that,
I would use all of my metadata.
So, I don't really know that it's a keep my glasses straight.
I don't know that it's half the brad, it's just a body shape there.
I know. So what I've been working on is within revenue,
I can actually create a VOM that has accept.
Prangers and then. And. and And we can actually create a stencil spreadsheet that
defines what those are. And if we can leverage that I appreciate
where we can bring that in. And technically, technically,
we need to know that it's the exact body from the model standpoint.
We just need to know how to correlate it soon. And
so if we can come up with that system and figure out where to
carry those cut lengths. Thanks.
And just the overall assembly types.
I think we could just treat it as a word of fact.
And we could still do our. Bye.
We can still do our cues, we shippings,
everything like that. And so our budget will pre- We're talking,
I mean, thousands of trapey supports.
We can, you know, do the same thing for it.
Saw, operator. I'm going a little And then you take care of all of
this, uhm, cutless,
that he's been given that day. Yeah. And then go for that.
So that's like a deep picture that's on Of what?
We're trying to accomplish. So I can,
uhm, uhm, uhm, uhm,
see here. Here we go. We can make sure I understand some of the
feedback while I think I understand. Uhm, you're looking- If please the ship in
and have you're working on export without you that say no,
we're getting the right format. Two more of them here than we can do
the best thing before. So, we've been considering a case file,
I think, and I'm not saying on themselves files.
Bye. And it's the easiest thing that we can clearly
define what that material is.
It's from itself. Yeah. Umm,
and then, and then I've developed a little trick.
It's been working so far as my gaming commission on,
like. Bye. Like, uh, uh,
TR1 is a single-tiered,
trippy support, and then it can come up with,
you know. So,
all of it, they're all usually typically rise and then,
like, a B would be, the top definition would be a B in fact.
And, like, a big hatch,
uh, spring down on the other side or something.
Yeah, I can show you how to look at it. better time to do
like this. . . I don't know if shooting it.
But I think . . . I can build a beetle wound .
. within rabbit to You need whatever parameters you need.
Yeah. Well,
it can be easy, uhm, important. Okay.
Well, right. And it had a lot of,
a lot of themes on it, and I'll share the ones that are,
that are required things. Thanks. The next part is what you guys have been
doing with, like, the chair of the database is a special extract.
It's the same thing you did, um, e-go is.
Because here they're gonna have just a standard K-1000 people,
they're running, they're pretty unique shapes,
and then we're talking.
You know, y'all might have seen further cold,
you know, they're not going to stay in this,
but they're not a lot of big, cold that we haven't.
Three. Two
tests fasten in my head, stay in power,
you should see my video. Thank you. I'm not if there's any mess in
that That's true.
My voice plays the word for spinning. So much money in a wholesale,
just engage in a level of detail that in the new R.I.R.
a lot of our bins were required. Okay, bye. So here,
where's the actor
that you Thank you. So we might as well be fabricating it to
that. Yeah.
So what I've done in the past so far is,
like, I would send, uhm,
the, these guys, just a, a list of shots.
Go. Right? Or list of raw things or anything like that.
And they just kind of mainly put it in and we'll be able to
deliver it and go back. Alright. Oh. But I definitely want to take it
a step further on.
Thank you. Yeah, and then I
still think we just have the flexibility during the one-offs,
like, this wire is taking the time. Yeah. And.
Yeah. Because I don't think that's anything we want to build into
our system, as part of the wire lengths,
is what makes it this. and this is the end of That's just kinda
what I want to to deal with.
Or just bring yourself out and have a linear, linear session.
Yeah. Perfect. Yeah, Yeah. BuhThree Yeah, I may say no,
I'm glad you agree with it. You know, it's not a good length,
5 length. It's, it's just only a good length for people.
And then when it's, it's a, And, you know, curse down the,
you know, ask, it's like a sheer nesting. Like, let's be read about,
you know, we don't have, you know, curved cuts on the monitor.
But, yeah, uhm.
Suddenly, you're the best. It's been,
I- I've been on it. I just haven't got to the point of the-
the any more excited. I'm just- I'm just trying to get ours up.
Let's grab it. Friends,
it's a different thought approach on how to build your assemblies here.
It's their family approach to the city.
You have to kind of have a good degree set up beforehand.
And it's not as, to me it's definitely not even- you have useful
in a prefab application, in a type where yes,
umm, but. Bye. It's the industry standard to do an mechanical
design. It's bad.
It's good. It's good. Thank you.
And then all the other
software research on how other,
The actual top, the width,
yep. And they're bringing the rabbit, but then it's very,
it's very cumbersome, compared to the,
Like, one stop, oh, they're technically hard,
guys. Like, they're still doing their part of cues and combining in a separate
area. eeuh, so, not directly from estimating where new they need.
And if you follow me, I'll go over that. I'll go over that.
I'll just go and tell So, would you do at least the trial,
uh, sit for a month? Because, well,
we can't say, and they're stuck in the air out there,
but it's a bit more than There's one thing soft around here
that- that you actually- I
would say combine and extract better.
Yep. And it's only really useful though.
All right. So over here. Oh, okay. We're to go. You're trying to actually
breathe out, like, a face of conduits that,
you know, and then also, like, growling, like an entire room.
You're gonna be, It's got a more suited for that,
but it's not, it's still not producing cutless,
it's still not nesting, it's just treating it like uhh.
Uh, B-O-N, and you know what, you're flying,
I guess, and leads into a shipable. Yeah.
It doesn't, the cover, like I said, the purchasing doesn't cover any- and the
labor tracking doesn't cover it, so it should be able to sleep better.
So, uh, what's happening, like, in one here,
we describe it in the water. Well,
I'm gonna make this work.
And it's, cause it's, our feet have at least a dirt.
And, um, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm. Also 100% adjustment,
sure, easy, it's an basic support. So, a lot of stuff we're doing.
It's, it's single conduit runs, uh,
it's nothing else we need to, to free fabric, like,
a fuel bank and give out the fuel.
I think that- I don't want
to hear that one. It's like, it doesn't invite me to easily implement.
it. you And then, and then move on to the next part of the
studio. I think it's gonna give you a stage box that will lead to
you. I'll say it to you quickly.
You get it all before I do.
It's just like, uhm, let me give you some points and then we can
route it to separate shops. So, I'd say,
yeah, this shops, uhm. . Slow down,
we can route all of our truck processing here.
And we can have a lot of fun with cuss, yeah. It's time to
make you do- final assembly dash shot.
Yeah, vermin. I mean,
cuz we- we did all those silky frames, right?
And that would have been- She kind of leveraged out at the flexor shop,
where we did a done here, we did a done some here,
some there. Um,
but, umm, I'm not sure. Yeah, because that's our lecture shops.
More, more geared towards the higher drawing stuff,
but we got the big. . . Okay, and so.
So, here's a
spreadsheet such as reduced. so far.
.
.ok . I'll send to you now with Ye,
it's- . . It's time to do that this
way. Yeah,
I think it's okay if it does something. I love you. Hm.
Ah. Mercy.
Hm. I sure.
You like, if I ask, there's nothing you have to be able
to see from the end. Or. ,commissioning
your big media of that is almost true,
you can say about the address. So it is really good.
You I said that's supposed to be which important you're in and you just
buy it in. Yeah. Cause it's all set up and you save it.
You know, we're paying it and that can be fine.
updates.
Up
in the teens. Hah. Um,
ehm, ehm, So, it's of our higher volume type products
for, like, the data side. So,
it's definitely an- a lot more of the same assemblies,
but, uh, same concept. I don't know why it's just the,
uh, larvae number of- But uh,
you need some of those verses by your lines.
So go to the last day, Kevin. Bye. And
so, pretty much with, You can set up for the pre-drive guys as you
have. You can go to the lab,
just have some art. Assemble time.
And then it gives you your actual,
you know, parameters of what, the dimensions of what.
And then those kinds of work poorly. Now we can move this chart a
little bit. Try to be soft enough.
Just look at that version. You So the chart is based off of your
tier 1 tracks, and then,
first one on the label, and then your- lane
is into your strut length, it's up to there.
Yup. And then, buy it into a pilot,
so I can- big set it down to- Okay, a few one thousand,
and I can, yeah.
And then, wrong lane,
right side, so. So, So, there's all the pandas are in there,
and we can build this however we need to organize it,
and then I can also relabel. And all that really means for me to
kick off a job to say, hey, these are the, this is how we
can make a look. And that's how we can establish all of our actuals
of sizes to where kind of like our detailed standards of it.
Any . Just to say, p1000 tapping team,
you know, kind of fan. So, uhm.
So, um.
So. I don't see someone like it,
but yeah. Scroll back,
scroll back up to the, uhm,
so that. That's what's, it was in the surrounding,
right? Right. So the T1 EC1,
0, 0, 0. You is the whole same length?
Is that correct? Okay, well,
when you, you were to have not need to,
but if you're not, but if you're And if you can look at where
those are labeled out, we'll see that, that one's able to call it.
Okay. Sound of means that our symphony.
Okay. Okay. And then the components within
that are basically the rods on the happy trails.
on this.
That's it. That's incredible.
There is some instances where you would have three supporters on one strut
link. So. So, Yup. You don't actually see anything on the computer channel.
Sign up for worst days, but. This one really only had some R1 and-
R2, okay, wrong position. Yup.
I actually. Didn't think different.
Yeah. And either. You So basically.
actually like a standard one-inch this
one so basically we would be,
uhm,
you're talking about the, like, um, of that one Utah.
You talk. I'm talking about four simply,
so you got eight rounds out of two foot long.
That was an, uh, uh,
one's an, uh, two. So,
to give that in the tech line,
um. So,
required fields are quantity,
drawing number. We'll see you Made more,
piece more, description,
grade, and length. So.
Hello. That name is Assembly.
I'm thinking we're going to do a,
uhm. out. A
little label. To the strum,
it's instruct type. One of our biggest cereal.
Uhm, is that?
I got, bought it as used as a cut,
as that one is the next cut. That's gotta be cut,
personally. That's for Okay,
so,
uhh.
I'll see what I got in the technical terminology.
I'm thinking about the shortest maintenance,
right? And then you got,
an R learning an R2 as part of us.
But it can't be called an R2 because all of those,
are different, like, bubbles are different, and these are different lights.
Yeah, so, I would be,
ehm, ehm, ehm. And our action is zero,
zero, with your labels, two, zero,
So, uhm,
and then R1, and then 0, 0,
1, yeah, R1, 0,
0, 2, and then- I mean,
if any of you are in the same, same length of a R1 or
2, I guess you can technically change those,
but to keep them in the same way. I didn't believe on that,
I didn't seem to keep them huge per year.
So, technically, with what we have in our database,
we're going to let know what There are five database with the P1000s and
the standard raw. I hope they could be able to run this one.
We'll be happy in here. Yeah.
Yeah. Because while they're searching by ours, I can't.
Because I can create one of these assemblies,
uhh, uhh, better than they call me. I don't have a family for it.
I can't really decide the way that I can go through and combine all
the like links. Thanks. Yeah, to call a new program,
right? So, if, if there's a way within our nesting zone.
So, We can,
we can combine life lengths together.
Even though they'd be unique, we could still have our stuff like a bundle.
I mean, I mean, as you guys well look at,
you know, whatever, the quantities that we show up to go.
Others, they would just know and just say, okay,
I would put all my two foot lengths in on the pile,
and then as the assemblers come,
I'll say, okay, I need to make a T.Y.C.1, make sure the two foot
then ends full out of their R1 with two,
whether you're sending them away. Because what I'm trying to get away from
is, I'm trying to utilize R2.
Oh, I'm just gonna stick out because we have an immense mass.
To be able to round up all of our family lengths,
too. I'm trying to get to, like,
four, I think we're only going to be able to forget the little one.
Just to imagine, you know,
shot guys go. you know, some uh,
fraction marks of nutrition, infractions. Yeah.
Yeah. So, uh, yeah.
Uh, so but that's my..
how do you function? I will do the BLM when we export,
so we shouldn't technically have to deal with any of that,
but. Yes.
Well, the same material is the material type,
like the strut of the same material type of buttons.
Not always, but you're gonna have.
Releasing's are going to be typically done in,
like, by area. So, like,
across the area, so we're going to all be, It's kind of most stainless,
and then once you get into, you know, exterior it'll be galvanized or something
like that. So, will that later be in this table,
or? Is that given globally or somewhere else?
We wouldn't, I would assume that when I define my strut type,
we wouldn't expand it out. So, just keep.
The actual P1000 number.
Okay. And then there would be, like, a P1000.
And that's true. Yeah.
And then that would- I'd be able to find into the debris flowless traps
from all the industry. Correct. Okay. What about the uhh,
uhh, rods? Well, that's Hold on.
They always the same thing or a certain different types of material for the
unit element. You have different grades available.
Okay. That's correct. All right. So,
you know, we're gonna need to be rock, rock that's in there as the
shape, and then create a Just do it.
Shit. . . You should already,
I'll show you. You already security. I'm not talking about We
were doing like, the almost a trade rap. I'm probably gonna be the only
one that is the best. Yeah. Right, so.
And again, it's kind of, we were doing it to your horizons.
I had some that we were designing within Revit,
which the design of the unit of the Revits is very simple.
Everything, all your text pieces are all kind of hard of a handling.
Uhm,
but it was a pain. And we needed these guys to actually propagate them,
and it was kind of uh,
they're treated as a structure component that they're designing.
Yeah, they did. Um,
and so we did a lot. That's where I think the database subscribed.
Pretty messy for those students. Some. you within running and I was doing something
within, you know, uhm, I actually advanced the old majority of the
students once. Alright. Is that some advanced deal with this actual
student? Actually, yeah,
it's uh, it's like, it's actual student.
Yeah,
it uh,
like, well,
with here, here. Spiderality over here,
intro is right over here.
I kind of just stuck it out there and said,
we're not doing anything. We're just going to you know, geez,
they're buying. Exactly. But it's,
it's real. It's, it's just like within,
like, techno structure. You can build families out and do the same thing within
the auto settings. It, it's set up,
right? It works. Straight, but, uh,
they're talking about, uh, and the wiping it and cutting it into a plug-in
for a bit. Yeah. So, that statement.
That's awesome. It's not a long way.
Other issues, uhm, but, You're going to
get 100% It's easy on me.
I said, okay, I'm in here. And they, you know, they're cleaning out so
you just have one specific call off for each.
See ya. Don't. Just because we have,
I mean, one and five eighths back at the back, one and five eighths,
one and five eighths solid, and then one thousand.
And it's P1000,
so. Well, that's, yeah.
That part of our actual kickoff was- you technically they're all always- they're
all very similar in the P1000s,
but you have action unistrattics different than- .
That's Ph.D. Coughles, I come to do their so different manufacturers.
So they're ... they're ... they're ... they're ... someone ever change the world
but also kind of limited with specs. Thanks. But actually,
I definitely, that's something easier to clean up on how we do that.
Yeah. So, it's definitely really good. Thanks for having us figure that out.
We're starting to figure out how to deal with these on the ground.
That's the meaning of it. It's kind of like, it's my time.
Because I've got to figure out on how to do what's available and what
we can leverage from Revit. I think you just need to start it from
what tech will, Except,
yeah, I can build the U.S. into a company.
So, go and see if you can, back around
here to get close to this, and then technically use your system instead of
bottom. And then,
Search for, uh,
excellular work inputs. words.
There may be more to production
control in E.C. See you soon. So,
the- How all of these fields are needed?
You can tell I'm aware of you want to, but don't remember being marked,
peaceful. I don't know. That's not gonna be required.
So, if you get into this format,
Maybe you'll be able to do it where you're shaping the bench,
you're in the same field. I think there's a good form of type for
that. So, if it's not split out of shape with the bench,
it's separate. But, ah,
I guess you're really not in fine shape. In the story,
she gave me my heart, so. No, I mean, those would be fine down
to just, yeah.
Umm, you know, struggle. Umm, or, ah. So,
that's, that's pretty much it that you can use in the other fields that
you want to, like you want in chemicals.
But that, so,
I wouldn't make a mistake.
I have seen the spirit, the drawing and main board piece mark
will be decided. And the strut will be- you know,
I'm going to go and see what it is.
And then your rides will be going down the main board to be the
safest strut. Bye! It's not a case mark of the R1's,
you know, you can bridge it somehow.
It's hard one to actually hear what you want to do with it.
And, ah,
shit, a lot of me. I mean, we can go off here and get
here and just, in,
or in, and see what happens. If that works,
it will go for good. Yeah. Take that.
. . If
you have, uh, an export, then you know,
get me You want to just pick one line on top of that?
Draw them in the middle of the line? Good. Yeah,
like that. P1, c1, uu,
uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh.
Coming up with, and this might be too much work,
but it was something I was just thinking about. It I think,
possibly. I agree. I don't should say within some
structure I could create a kiss out that would be defined as me.
One of those assemblies, and then create that as
a body and figure out just some way of manipulating my own kiss.
It's fine. Well, essentially with the links and then just using that as just
a single import. Oh, and, uh,
I wasn't worried too much about trying to- Of course,
you get a kiss file. Really, in my mind,
you get a kiss file, and that's it. There's none.
Bye So, if the exhale makes it each year,
then I'll just use the exhale.
Cause once, I think, what's nice to do is- 1 Then we get that
situation where building some sort of a field change,
right? And then we have a, uhm, like, a sort of, uhm,
the blank ordering system, we lift the guys and then spill out,
you know, length, width, height, whatever, and then just send it in to A.
I, you know, Jimmy's script.
. of the design, so I need 30 of these water,
right? And then we can just let it back in here,
and we can type in and export. Squirt. Yeah.
Alright, you're looking to,
Do estimates for this sit here as well?
Um, at this point,
probably no. So the way that,
the way that election was estimated, uhm,
they actually have a pretty,
The field is the kind of way there is main software works.
They just put it on parameters that we can support over 60,
and draw a conduit run. So, but in what would actually
be the long term.
Some of it would be nice, would be from a project management standpoint.
We'd be able to actually, to be able to come up with real estate.
Yeah, so you're not going to blow the load of them.
Yeah, kind of. Maybe not. Bye. So,
uh.
I'm not a man, I'm not a person. So,
if we look at them to create the cut of this,
and what not, we- You
Yeah, almost 100% of the time.
I don't like throwing up with that.
It would be um. So, we'll see you I can believe my look out
of the options. I'm talking about for licensing.
Umm, you can really have one,
sorry. All right. I'm going to go inside,
cover, or share with her.
Yeah, I shouldn't cover I'm going to call it Fortanities in
the airport. Umm,
so I'm going to get to you. I'm leave them on the other edge
side. They're probably a little separate.
Yeah, I'll go separate some now. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. But I believe they're,
they're almost safe. They're operating. All right. I don't think
they would actually know.
No. But if you want two different databases,
then, um, currently get a new,
you're getting signed up there. . . . . this your with radiation can
only point to one of the databases, it can't really be heard or warned.
. . And the dynamics are just another integral that I'm at this standpoint.
. . Um- . . Yeah,
like, I mean, if we want to sit right,
sit right back in all three shots, right? And you want your own leg.
Here's all my job, very good. And that's going to be a totally different
day. I switched to what we were trying to do.
I opened up a lot. And I,
I mean. Thank you. I would say,
I mean, I can't really be feeling the same. You know,
they're all question coordinators, but it would be just- You know,
would be easy to have an electric coordinator operating the same
zone as them, or the same as- 7 and then,
uhh, it's no reason it should be modding either.
Or if we can just send it to these guys.
And then they can produce the cutlets.
And then it just gets, it gets routed to,
you know, they like it with you. Right? And then, uhh, uhh, We kind
of executed her later. Yeah,
it's an essential need to develop all of you to the same server server.
I'm not one of those guys. That's what we're doing in the issues.
I'm nothing. But there's no reason,
especially if the size is defined. spine. We have to create college for all
the jobs and their enemies to find more help from everything.
And. and And then,
you can't be able to more, you can't go less than that.
You can use it over there to access the compost to see if it's
even here. Yeah. Yeah. Just go do it. I can see it here,
but I think it hurts. It is,
it is okay. It's like, but, yeah. It'll come with its own kick up,
so I'm sure. Yeah. But, I mean, I don't know whether it's hurting.
All right. With our current workflow and everything like that,
I would see this. I don't need maybe one towel over it that was
for, and in just, We'll you in me. Yeah, my opponent just have control
over it and he was being dug into the back.
God is his. Teams. As he goes into an outcome team.
Now you want to do umm,
like, ehm. You want to try
other things within the system after cutting your,
uhh, try- I have to shake me a little bit of my heart there.
Ideally, yeah, we'd, we would have to,
you know, cause we're going to break me. We'll see We're going to break
things down into, like, separate work packages,
so you'll have, you know, this, you won't even spread out across,
you know, and settle. And so the guys working,
you know, in area one.
Bye It'll be shipped out as an area of one back.
It'll check for it. I'm trying to keep it bundled to where it,
,directly goes to site and stage to that area. It won't have to shake
everything out. It'll be in a secret,
so it's fast, but it'll be in the end.
And that's kind of how we're setting up.
That's how we're kind of setting up a plane need any way.
We have that work package so, so correlating them backwards from
our, our take-off. Uh-oh. Go.
Go. Cause we're obviously just been learning like what you're doing within
structures and as far as like that. Once it goes,
it gets claimed and kind of builds it. All right,
so we're using that same, they call it acid track,
but it's the same concept that I did. And,
it was. Wouldn't be that when the muscle work back is great and it'll
automatically create something you want to make some of this.
Yeah, we bring, we could bring them in as separate lots.
Bye, guys. And combine them as lots.
Yeah. And then still get the efficiency out,
so it'll be able to track it separately.
Perfectly. So
do you just try to get them in like, uh,
uh, like, ehm, well. you I
keep 20 out of there and went typical that I've been getting in.
Now I'm over to pasta. Thank you. So we gotta set that up in
the, yeah, first of the maintenance and all
of that. We have get the lights in there.
You don't have any bits. The fast ones we have are in order,
yeah. That's Yeah. No.
It's a great,
it's not a good area. Or is that great to use? use.
We've got a number of grades in there.
You get to have down with the bottom of the middle of the middle
of the grade, too. You If you leave that
blank, you're bringing all the grades that are set up.
Sure. Good job. .
I'm I'm going to do. Thank you.
Thank you That's This
actually will work really well. And then
so essentially, everything. There it is. I really wouldn't be predesigned out or
our families weekend.
I can further. and get
it where we're going to get it to wash it once. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. So it's
all, you know, what, what, what happens when we,
So, once, what,
the urban urban urban community.
Thank you.
I don't think we had a 40-foot you can comment on it right now.
But it's a 40-foot piece and a 1-8th grand market and- Okay,
someone back up here.
You know, yeah, it's the one thought of the church.
Yeah. Yeah. It's just a small one about who we're bringing
back. Okay, a couple more.
I want to come with you guys and like it to Thank you.
No.
No. No. No. Okay.
Now I'm ready to listen. So I can continue.
You You, you, you said you can write,
uh, uhm, the graphics and you'll get out of this format.
Yeah, the only thing I'm not gonna- Yeah,
and and the worst worst case any end come up with the,
the way the massage the data become.
Well, we'll see from around the next port.
You can just do some pretty basic itself up and then,
yeah, get it into this one now. Yeah,
I'm moving. You can just sort of excuse where you take it.
Uh, you know, AI,
you know, kennel. Or one kennel.
Append those splashing images of the drawing.
Okay, it's.
Yeah, that's, that's probably the,
the easiest of the day. They have this.
But yeah, because- I'm really pleased to know
that. Be in what you want.
Very helpful. I think I'm gonna get the final note,
because that wasn't gonna happen.
Yeah, I'm gonna be great with the differentiate.
So, you know, the same as a hot kit,
you know, the same as your old hands.
That means, So, and I'm sure your simple implicates in the
area. Wait, honestly, I-I feel you don't want to have the touch.
What it comes out of. Yeah,
and I'm gonna have pizza bowl that is, but you can-some
have a five-ringer. . What's the game gonna have
to do that so I don't want it to, yeah.
But, that's it. It's. I don't see that scene.
It should be more easily set up.
I know. Yeah, okay. I don't see.
. I think we didn't listen at all. All
It's really not the only thing you need to try.
I thought it was the pattern of it. And,
shit, you got Well, I would say,
you have the purchase and the first thing you see,
uhm, and then,
yes, cutting. Thank joining me. Cutting,
you know, probably have the same sort of,
you know, uh, QCE.
Yeah, we're having a coating on it. And then,
you know, shipping, you to be one of them.
That receiving field of past arrival,
are some of these? Made here, or there,
or in the field. The assemblage would be made,
uh, at, here, at,
uh, depth and fat shop. With some of those.
I saw you have bean clams for that.
So, the bean clams,
I probably just take this further down.
Um, the way that they do their ordering is,
They just do a vulgar word, sensitive,
beginning, but then the vendor does a min-max kind of thing,
so I would just say, uh, like that. I'm to go ahead that,
uh, as your assembler is pulling all their stuff,
they just know that they're gearing up for this assembly, starting to go. Oh,
no. Well, that's I'm to have a little bit, you know,
I know, I mean, 100 days, I'm gonna pull 400 nuts,
kinda thing, based off of what. But that is so- You I
think you could love it a further. I just don't know if,
yeah, that might be taking a load.
Two. All right. Do you
want, uhh, do you want to try?
All right. How
did he have got a symbol of how did he have not, or just
felt that, yeah, I'm really distracting.
and caring for you. Because we're going to be breaking
the work packages, I think we would want to be tracking told as long
as it's being. Thank you. Don't look at the net spread across.
So you do want to be able to track completion based off of,
uh, air in the lab convention. Thank you very much.
So,
probably right off the page. Yeah,
one more simple company. See you later. Some work.
Yeah. Uhm. And then,
you know, for the walk of the track, the completion of the assembly,
is that a QC? See You know, if you have a station in there,
or a 78, and then you have an inspection,
and then you fill out the inspection, you'll work with it.
It is going to be a, uh,
more efficient job. Yeah, I'm going to just do it in the first article
on the section, and then I'll like, uh, uh, very good.
So, kind of thing, but, uh,
but, and then it's going to globally go through that.
See, uh, yeah, yeah. I'm the, I'm gonna just send a prayer to a
lot like we did for, for cold hands,
cause I'm gonna keep going in the peace track here.
And it's gonna randomly add, complete em. And move back to the weather.
And it's, it's gonna be,
yes, uhm. See I got a good stuff.
That's, that's a good issue, you know. I can say it should be a
yes. Umm, yeah. So, yeah. I'm going a little it's just going to be
getting an impact than the format of getting an impact.
It's only the hardest thing. See you
We, could we create a wrap and we'll just say like,
we just call it electrical assembly or we'll just leave it falling.
I mean, we need to create a wrap and you can have some electrical
stuff. Or we'll just, we'll just, we'll just make more sense just to kind
of create. Thank you. I mean, I mean,
why don't we just fit up and,
yeah. You it's,
we have, these are all of our routes that we have here.
Uh, uhm, uhm, these are all uhm.
I've got, uhm, a bit of a little bit on me,
so, uhm, so we can just tailor one of these.
is a great new one for electrical engineering,
uhm, okay. Okay.
Does
the costing have people all up in a specific way or can you just-
control a lot under company 40 through 700
here at this stage? Uh,
we win. you So, I think you would treat this the
same way that we're kind of doing now is that.
Yeah. We, we would actually do combining and that would
take the electrical repair and then they would just tell us the,
You know that they cut out for that and then it would be out
of the system here in case of it.
I don't know. So at least the way it currently set up is,
is they have an item. I mean,
because it's still, it's all under 40.
Sorry. Um, but it's still,
it's two different divisions. It's kind of a thing.
It just did. And,
even Marvin kissed the caronist ride. Sometimes you probably need to use this.
But then all you have to do is just say, hey, here's the peel
number and it's like the date. I think it's free. And back in that
way. But ideally,
we could get it to where, uh,
I see. As well. Bye All of us.
Unless they have an electrical coordinator in here,
not that they, who and where the purchase from,
but. How about we see this,
this is a map to you at the time. Bye Here,
seven months later. Basically,
cats are on the inside of the beach. We'll be-
But, um, if we want to solve our fit
up triggers the QC inspection,
um, just to-
Well, I guess you can, can do that.
Like, if you haven't taken an inspection, you can still mark it off in
peace track and within the building. Only one,
every ten, so.
Yeah, anything that's in the route here.
You're welcome. They're expected you are another percent of the Right.
So, if you see what,
you know, ten percent of it, then- Thanks.
Right. I mean, he can go through and check out a temper done, right?
And then he still has his own special.
. . . Yeah, and, or, you know,
he can do it this way. He's saying the whole batch has been assembled
and better be Just, you see, basically,
you know, like a whole world-type thing, you can fill up.
There's you can still, just fill out from all the attention.
You can have those records, you know,
that the whole plot. We're talking about the next thing is- There
we There's way of a package of the rest of the parties.
eyes. Search.
Thank much. And, uh,
that's it. Umm, takin' the stock professionally.
Kinda when they cut out the cut, that's the takin' stock,
get more down. So let's proceed. I your Have great evening. Okay, see you
Thank you. I you. The categories will get down. That's the code. See the
code. And then the assembly portion will be straight.
Alright, we'll see you in the end.
That's what we did. Cause there's a few things here where you guys are
going to make packaging.
You make it easier to move them.
They have for, for the long set up that we had.
Bye. And so they're
ideally you load up, um, a card, and that card would have all the-
sater traps, whatever need it, and then that would be more labeled with that
word hack, or something, but with that one, that one,
so. No. No. Umm.
So, you know, that need those parts here, too, is to,
to the imagine those, go to the field, and be able to ask.
Whatever. Yeah, so maybe we'll let them in.
. .
.
I think
we'll need to know that we'll grow down. At least we'll know what's about
it. . I don't know how many parts you need,
but let's say, I mean, this looks like a huge quantity to be.
No. No.
I mean, is it like three carts on
a job? Or is it like fifty carts on a job?
We'd probably- have, uhm,
hope not that we have one e to 30 in rotation,
and then total. the wall. is. I over time break everything like one week
work packages, so if we're the week ahead of the We weeks in
the field and a week's coming back,
yeah, and I always would give you 10, you know,
in the field at the time. Umm, that's here locally.
Okay. What happens if they go to the higher?
That's the highest problem. Okay. Now we are just asking what we've done,
so between the Iowa. Bye bye. And Texas,
they have their own fabshops there,
and so that's their own rotation. So don't worry about that.
We started doing, pre-fap or down seer until they got there,
their pre-fap shot up in there. And then now,
cause that's what we, what we did on that one is,
the pre-fap parts, and we did the first hit-minute while they were getting started,
and then that was their first set of parts that you used to ship
out of the job scene. But, I think the farthest one that we're gonna
have to figure out is New Mexico.
It's probably gonna be the next one where we're gonna have to come up
with some s- sort of plan to be able to ship.
And then ideally not,
uh, we just need a ballot on the power.
Now we're going to get it back and,
in fact, talk about ways of looking at it.
You know, so you just have enough and rotation depending on what you have
on your back. Yeah, and you actually look right on the end of it.
Like, do you, like,
get something back? It goes. Okay folks. The arts, or like,
just do single trips, and then maybe,
really guys, come back, you know, maybe we'd be so- some sort of class,
you know, when the guys come back for, you know,
their family stuff, and they're a couple of meetings,
so we just, you know, have them go right.
And we all, umm,
but in exactly those, it's, as assembly's in your eye,
we have to ship, and then we have to- . I'm ship on soon
thinking better, right. We should feel that they will use a little more.
I don't know. You just leave it with it.
Ehm. It just can get interesting when two shops have any bunch of cars.
It's like a, your chasing those things,
right. Okay. I just care pretty quickly,
too. Uhm.
I'm really kind of long to track this.
Uhm. Chocolate. you like that about a pack of different things.
There's not really a mechanism in which you can do one of them.
And then you can put them along the truck. Well, let's do basically,
uhm,
but that you have to receive them in the field,
right, or else they can constantly show them. I'll never. I'll never. I guess
you could do. I appreciate you doing that.
I'm ahead and do the next step
in the show, return or something like that,
where those incentives, the cost of the show is not returning,
and then once they do get- ... return and check back in,
then you can go to an ownership of the fact that it's just saving
a lot. Okay, yeah. Yeah.
And all of those, you know, those are mine.
Okay, we're just talking. Okay.
Yeah. Just cart of this.
I have to start with these things. Yeah. Well,
I was wondering if we were just,
but then suddenly again, I told you.
Umm, but not really because I'm,
uh, a track disaster that goes back and forth.
But I'm wondering what you're- The only thing here in some of this fashion
is in here is pretty much a long building.
Right. Okay. And I
need to try, I need you to work in as fashion as to,
You Try not to check out,
like, grinders and, ok, I'm gonna do it again.
And when they check, they're not using us. . And
then when they check back here and leave, you know how we were doing
that. We didn't up on the snuck. We didn't follow up on that.
Closest that I have to, you know what I'm saying. So,
that might be a way to get into the way. And
that's something we could probably, uh,
we can leverage them, and I said one or the other.
Or is it the thing that you're adhered,
or something like that? Yeah. Okay.
Or just manage it, like, you know, like,
I have a true asset, right? It might be interesting.
I would build it to be more of a, I'm a innovative person or
a very good candidate. But part of that was,
uh, like the filters we kinda brash and,
. . In the disappear me gone, we never really forgot back about it.
Alright, so we had to do that, because we had to do but they
did this job site. And we got back on the estate and here's what
we did that took it. So if we never saw it come back,
you know, I got that. You grab it so we can get a very
easy lift. Yeah. So I wonder if all the markets just track those cars.
And the what? The tool was going down. Yeah. duration 3rd.
Now, I've got I at the All right! All right. Yeah. I don't
see really.
So we're getting back to getting one to water. That's great.
I wonder if between them and we take
the light. Bye. But, uhm,
the little material that you are, that you're just looking at,
get the whole thing and work. I'm sorry. You could get it to be
important. And then, kind of,
okay, here's a release. Let's walk all the way through and say.
Bye bye. So, one, I can just go ahead and do the next thing.
Forward, or, get on and have this,
and just kind of walk all the way through. I'm going to pick up.
And, and I'll say I'm just going to do it,
then uh, uhm, we're on across
the issues. Thanks. So,
I'm not going to be good if we get that out. Is there a
way to get that electronically relevant to you yet?
Thank much. And that's what, let me see if I can get,
uhm,
about layers. Cheers. I can get,
like, so, one can just release,
uhm, all the way project PDF.
Have a good day. I don't have to, uh, check it with me,
but it really makes no more sense to me.
But it's infeasible,
so I'm not worried. I'm sorry. I don't have to think I did really
kinda underrated, but I used check to do the nesting
on the wire. And, It's utilization down to like,
uhm, I think we got like 15% drop,
uhm, and then, they're ready. And I really would like,
like, uhm, percent if that, and if they would point zero for me,
uhm, that was the way we got it,
you know. No. Really, we're just about how we're gonna take off.
Yeah. Yeah.
And,
uh, what do you know about this, uhm, week? We'll guys in just export
out, sure. And export out the,
uhm. I'm curious how you put it here.
Thank you. Seriously,
did I ask them to or did you just copy them?
Uhh, I would say if that's a bit of an instance and it has
a, I would say to save all the other sizes.
Yeah. And then it'll just be catered to what we have and we can
clear out it as we don't need it. Yeah.
And if it's not, then we can take that export and
push it through. Cause yeah.
Like I guess, considering how many times on the back and forth about the
youngness. Yeah. They have to eat it decent.
Yeah. You have seen instance in a circuit port.
So, if you can say phone and service,
they all have a button, a selected,
they'll just read that. Yeah. Yeah,
let's run this and consider it a matter of fact.
Can you hear it? Um. Come on.
I mean, what's going on with it? Because this is,
and it is incredibly small.
Whoa. You
must keep babies at common. Yes.
Especially that. Okay. I'm on the.
I can't believe this. All the time.
Take care of. Yeah.
Thank you, uhm. You know what,
isn't a can't hold in here with the regular stuff,
but that would also keep itself- So, So, we get,
uhm,
I'll go, I'll go.
I'm a copy of the point that it's,
so, I mean I'm playing with that box that it makes,
uh, if all the- I just wanna say,
I don't wanna have to take the um, do through and wipe out everything
you got in there. Do you wanna get plenty of weakness or slower?
Well, with that there- Yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah. It hurts. Switch it back out to I.T.E.A.L.S.
and assist me. Yeah. It's not too hard usually.
I mean, it'll be a big ask if I'm sure it'll be interesting when
you know for a lot. Yeah, I'm willing. All in.
All of our jobs. And disabled boy,
all right. I'm going to make you know the signs that I don't need
help that. So. Thank I'm sorry. It's your shoulder bit.
Yeah. So. I think that goes out and that is our red.
So. Thank you. That's, you know, a project that you do.
Yeah. Yeah. But that's all I can do.
No. And then, and then,
bye-bye. Welcome. Once it's in line of the trailer and the files bring in
load, it's the one I didn't click.
Okay. Bruce,
you just dropped it in a
quarter. So, I'm- I was like,
I was like, how much did you take it and I just
like, did I really not grab- I had that one of my favorite customers,
so. You should put a little bit of praise in my eye.
Listen, I want to be out of the realm of my- I to do
Sometimes I'm I want I the ability for me to look at that and
go, I don't mean to. And you get it.
I do. I need it done. So. I'm just kidding.
I don't know. That's the camera just sitting there going through
each drawing. All the way along.
It'll be a lot faster for the important action,
please. Yeah. Thank you.
Ah, you mean you have an older subscriber than those?
Thank you. Umm, why is it on the other screen?
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Well, pretty sure it's a big deal,
but I wish you could. I don't know if it's in the action work,
but it's a blast. Oh! More of it.
You don't want to be dead.
I want to be dead.
And That's it.
I'm going to ahead and I'll see you Yeah, that's it. All right.
Thank you.
All right.
Hey,
uhh, uhh, uhh,
uhh, uhh, uhh, we're making cold water cold, so you can, ehm,
ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm,
ehm. See you. Bye. Bye. And if you're  but you guys you did
you actually regret it? I'm glad I did. You used to do it and
everything quite easily. You should have checked now,
or something. I think it's hard to Okay.
Good. You're on your journey.
See you. Love you. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Good morning.
Good morning. Good morning.
Good morning. Okay.
Okay, double check. So, here she is. .
I have a word behind the phrase.
I'm going to do anything to ask, uh, give it up.
Once it's off, it's- Two more.
I'm to write a piece of paper that I just- Are you going to
text us, so as you don't have to name a text that I sent
out anymore? Thank you very much.
Okay, so I want to see how you get your services.
Yeah. That's into
Excel. Right. I can do
All right.
Bye.
Okay.
Umm.
Okay. No,
no, I'll leave your club.
I'll please have a little time. That's fine. Just, can you go the way?
Bye. We've known the sheet section, it's like a classroom that should have,
like, arginarians. Uh,
I'm trying one step, she tried please. Cheers.
It had, like, a full deal in no time.
I'm on.
Umm,
You
ehm, ehm. Thank you.
Alright,
good bye. Good bye.
Bye Bye. Bye, just stay. Umm,
I'm going to show you what I'm going to do.
Yeah, so when I've been waiting. Yeah, I'm sitting first.
. I've been working on it since, uh,
I Yeah, agency, uhm. No.
Uhm, uhhh,
uhm, cold, the wet, the water, the air, and the water, the its, by
itself. Yeah. Thank you. Okay.
So, pretty much this, these,
uh, stretch, we don't have to see if I can.
It doesn't have to be, it doesn't have to be,
it doesn't have to be, this, this. . . I just said the ones
I just mean, so I'm gonna
work on.
Yeah,
you just, just pay this, uhm. Bye.
Just do call a little extra over to your rung.
And then, can you actually call,
uh, are you able to modify?
Bye. These,
tables? Yeah?
Yes sir. Can you? Thank you. People love what ensures what's available.
I want to see if we can add some stuff to the cut.
That's it.
It's a little brighter.
Yeah, do not face it on me. Thank you. Thank you. Mm-hmm.
I'm starting all this happy by the other side of it's just it's
alright. I'm better. Heh.
Good. Alright.
Well, so we are going to do the tour. Good It's
going back, so what if you pull in the- the chart over again?
Yes. So,
what? Oops. Awesome.
Thanks very much. Thank you very So
we'll go back to Oh So,
we have a full label is needed.
It needs to be something exact to order, right? If it's on the store,
I can just free math it.
That's It's not just a, We'll call and we'll look at it for what
to have. Okay, so, flip drawing.
We have hound. Alright. With the count,
it's only really applying to, I
think it's the overall assembly that is going to be a piece marked with
low stride. Alright. Bad.
Bye.
You know, I'm not this side,
but it's right. It's not everyone. It's not everyone.
And then, I think.
I'm creating this key.
We're not assigning grades and they're all as far as,
um. All This on the stride while it was,
I'm pretty sure I'm gonna do something pretty back in.
I'm not sure. So if I wanted
to reach all of us, essentially if I wanted to read a word.
. . I would like this to where, you see how our label,
and then our labels can be described.
And then And I would want another line,
after that, toward the label,
to be The label would read,
like, R1, and then the last three digits of the label.
I'm cool. Okay. Just so I can produce a part for
the Roblins. Thanks.
He's running there. Yeah, so I don't even want it.
So essentially we have all this list of cover.
I heard it. So I don't want the leather.
Another lace, and then a belayable.
. That's it wrong but I didn't have
to in it. So I would wanna add another call.
 . .
They're song cloth. synthesized.
synthesized.
But, I can say this very shortly.
I'll have to give you a second. Thank you. One, two, seven, the one.
Shh. That's it.
Just
be proud of us. If you have go ahead.
All of them t-shirt. All
So
you see what we need to do to be brave. So, let's see, So,
we, just, Perfect. Thank A piece marked in the rod that
ties in to what our name,
So I can add first,
T1, C1. I'm sorry.
There. Right. You know,
it was 40 in a shot at a few of thousands.
And then you had. I love Or after straws that are going to be
our, our one,
pre-digits from piece art. That's our. All right.
Let me see how that ties to
the main art. I'm sorry.
Yeah,
I'll have it. I'll have it once. Let's do it.
Can you see if you can manipulate that I saw a spreadsheet?
Oh, I'm sorry. Though, right here went to Kyve.
Clap. Clap. Clap. Clap. Clap.
Clap.
I know a thing for
the girl. Oh, it doesn't look like this. It's, Uhh,
I don't think it's like the least. . Just don't
go in and think, right?
Just don't. . . I'm going to check here. It's whatever,
or anything, or anything. Little problem.
So, let's get it. . It's like, uhm,
because, except, uhm, people don't stand unless you go loose,
kinda. ... ... Okay, so we're just gonna talk to you to give them
a little bit, but, uhm, we're gonna have a little bit of
just run because of that.
Yeah, so what I wanna do is e just,
Just give me the install. So, I'm gonna just have just version one,
and I, I mean, I'm just going to delete it with an excel.
I'm gonna do it with an excel. Thank So,
you're gonna be in back parts, and then,
and then we can work getting with the,
with the, the game to get part of the action,
depending on their opinions, or use the feelings to match.
Thank How
do you submit your opinion on that? Well,
I think I think this is the way to- So I don't write it
for so Okay.
So, that's all. I'd thank you I'm glad to Thank you. Thank you. For
all Thank you. You Don't.
Okay. Umm.
No. No. I
don't wanna be supportive of this. who is a student how have we done
the process of getting, uh, uh, coins,
uh, hear that, so that's all in. So you're gonna be the same.
again. When we're not given any sort of,
like, actual files, you're doing the same Excel import,
or how are we doing that? Yeah.
I don't know, I'm gonna get it. Yeah,
most of the coding's customers have been supplying case files.
house. The,
without, without the case file,
uhm, it can't, it's the need to change the order,
man, it can't. and on the that,
that would be probably the only other way,
could be manual imports and in Excel,
into what's we can do. 4 3 So the brush shot,
you've been getting better, like, at the moment.
As far as? Yeah. Yeah,
especially with the one that's coming up for t- that's very,
very good to be w And then we're going
to stop that they're going to get them working.
That's called an important,
pretty easily in here. So,
I have all that. that. Go .
You know, it doesn't need from the cradle stuff in order to prevent getting
a lot of blood getting just lost.
So. I'm sorry. Are you trying to get PFS
emails on your jumps while you kiss us?
and Because his files aren't going to go the way it's not.
Yeah, very good job, sir.
Yeah, and with them. and uhm,
but then you can do the kids as well as they export out of
their service and then give us their own sex.
Thanks. Umm, but,
yeah, they've been doing kiss calls and then we'll be giving IFCs,
umm, yeah, yeah, and then with birthdays that they're right.
Umm, but I know these seven IFCs that I can upload to me the
trouble from is the day they- like,
we can make updates on it so we can enjoy the IFC every single
week with revisions. Alright,
we're using, uhm, opinions that- uh, all in store.
Uh, nothing for codeings of the documents and stuff,
but, uh,
for files that you- I'm requesting that I'm actually giving IFCs,
uhm, kiss files. They have not supported AFXD file.
Well. And then yeah. So.
But. We don't know how to show it.
It works like part of what we know. So,
there's just gonna be a- Just, yeah, a few next to you,
probably, as you can be, tat it up,
tah, tah, I'm going to detail Detailer
with the end of the mountain. SDS,
you're going to tell me which part of it is.
Thank you again, yeah, a lot of this. All let's do this.
Probably, probably.
Yeah, sometimes it takes a little longer than me.
Yeah, I'm forward to the eye of this off.
. I'll set up in here. I just see that at all the volume
that we added. Uhm, a complex paper.
Uhm, s-uhm, m-m, m-m, m-m.
Thank Uhm,
well, it's adding to this component. Uh,
we've seen- Thank you.
I've seen what we broke out yesterday.
So now, now that we have the ability to track their prep intermediate your
quote, prime and finish. So, for the complex.
And, uhm,
and all the leaves can be marked up in EP and go.
And then we'll- also create an inspection and work more for them for their
service prep in our inspection area.
Period. So that they can do,
uh, and, uh,
more so that they can get away from side dogs.
But. I'm glad to see you. Most of all of his reports can be
read on in here. And then you can go.
So I'm assuming in the future. I'm going show you.
Once we actually get to the website,
that's the link. If you do, umm,
all of that stuff can be transferred in. Thank So,
hm,
hm,
hm, hm, hm. So, between three, You We added three different coating types,
so we got the high solids, the steel spark,
and uhm,
Acropoxy. See
So we added
all these in configurably container sizes.
We'll see For what their purchasable units are,
and the cost per gallon, which might be updated if that test changed,
and then their co- average. So estimates when we plug one in
should be pretty up point with exactly what they're looking for.
. . Umm, and for what our estimates will show over
how many gallons they need over the price and the summary.
We'll see in the square footage you suggest.
Does that, does that description carry through a travel interval?
Bye No, it doesn't,
uh, it doesn't best for a travel interval.
So, I did. We did.
You ended up adding into production,
uhm, additional finishes in here.
So, we do have complex. That's it guys. B2 and sp3 and sp6,
as well as simple as a 1-2-6.
So, we'll at least have a prep. right there. We'll have follow up with
the finish and that will show up on the challenge.
Umm, but you can kinda adjust the finishes however we want,
so. So, If we wanted to add the hate spec and the surface prospect
in there, we could. It's just gonna make this again come along.
No, I'm actually not. We have already planted the peach
oil on board with bricks. Spectral,
y'know, out of the sh want to make sure to be
the I also want to make sure we're not.
Possibly. And flitting down.
Yeah. No,
we should be good there. Thank you. Umm, none of that.
All those, I don't know if we were just looking at it or just
on the estimate side. So,
those are the options you can pick. When you're starting a new job,
if you're in here, you can go into your paid system and go
in here. You can move over multiple codes and do custom systems and
then clean systems as well. If you're doing them as people.
If you move them into sp6,
then you can account for the layer for multiple systems for senior systems
and your estimates. So. Hello.
We got that pretty bad with the new spray.
And, and adjusted the labor in there so that it's matching with mose-
and concur leading out for one man or her new spirit foot and one
man or her new spirit foot for prep and prep.
So. So. That's,
that's it.
Today we've come in and messing with. All right.
Umm, adjusting labor.
So we adjusted a couple of the well-done position rates in the air because
they were- so the amount of the box rates.
So we increased some because the rates were really small in there.
So we dialed up. you the, uh,
in these seats a per minute,
per feet per hour. In here for. Thank you for your attention.
I'm going a range of 5,
16, 3, 8s on those basic moments.
And then I'll also learn in the minutes. Thank you very much.
Umm, increase our fit time a little bit.
So our well time, I'm down a little. Bit time,
increase a little. Which is usually,
you know, is So our adjustments on our projects is,
it needs a little bit more involvement as you show it a little over
stuff. So. And we're working to continue
to find that, uhm, looking at historical projects.
Okay, bye. Having gotten to a point where he would have been able to
identify specifically where issues are coming in with play.
So. So, It's been kind of my new adjustments at this point,
uhm, but finally continuing to look at existing
projects and just to- and breakouts, and then the estimates,
and then you can compare the actual versions of the estimated versus supplied.
Alright, we'll see you in the next time we can get our numbers to
all jive, up across the board. Sign here.
So, so the outcome I clean the actual back in.
Okay. Okay. Right. The. One
of the issues that's always been with what's your actual- We'll
see you next It's possible, right? What's your actual linear for what was done,
or what- What you've got to estimate.
Thank you. And so, it's hard to,
you know, if you wait the hours done to when you estimate it,
then it was actually- You don't know me.
And so, we'll get a camera. But wait.
Unless- Once we dig into everything and spend a lot of time processing
the PMST or whatever the import is on it,
we're not gonna come up with that. It's an actual screw.
What was the detail of what was done, right?
You talk about it like I did with my head. It's not a hundred
hours on the basement, but what they want,
that black shirt, should be $600.
I'm saying 78 feet. A well that was estimated based
on all the clips and everything, but in reality,
we did 87 feet of the welding.
Because I was deep down a bit of front floor,
and I just wanted to paint it off right here. Yeah,
it's any one of the estimated versus versus versus,
right? Like. Bye bye. So it's, it's too, I mean,
it's estimated versus, you know, what was assumed,
right? And then, you know, let's say it took about 10 months for that
shirt. It's something like that,
right? Or whatever. Whatever athletic detail that we didn't mean,
it was meant to actually do things or something like that, alright?
So, change. So, that's kind of so special to me.
Well, I mean, I think go on cuts or at least me because those
are- pretty close to all of me and actually,
but, uh, the welts have always been kind of,
uh, ehm, ehm, you don't want to divide it back into what was
estimated. It's a good excuse to have that,
right? Yeah. Um, so,
one more idea. You ehm,
I count for some time in here. It's not an exciting silence.
But when you leave the professional control down back to the estimate,
it can bring those hours over and apply some material that's in production control,
right? Now, what it does is it does- it's not on a hour-supercom
basis, so if it's,
like, okay, they- You You know,
my, uh, base plate sizes have deep roots,
my AMA, yeah. Like we said,
a bunch of pork chicken, right? Mm-hmm. Well. But they,
you get my sideovers and they're because they're having it.
But it's not moving at every age of oil because he doesn't.
The men are there with the reaching control side.
It does look nice and clean so that, right. But,
uhm, that, that helps a lot.
My shots are the same point as boys. They're on the street because they're
like, always put over on haters because you're judging me based on-
the estimated hours and things changed and there's a lot
more work plus all these changes in their young period.
Well, what's that?
What's this production control? It capital is ours.
So, they can't account for some of that,
so. Okay. I don't know the exact size of that. So that,
so once it gets brought up in the production control,
we're essentially re-establishing our labor budget space all of this.
That's actually what the base hours are in that project. is that's how it's
going to go. And what
that does is, it's estimated that I was in the schedule as well.
And it compares to this. Thank you. It's estimated to the base hours.
Let's say we had 500 hours for one,
for one sequence in the estimated hours.
those. . . And the base hours was 575.
It was used for 575 instead of the vibe.
I you. Because it said, yeah, when you say 500 out,
I don't know if on this, but he really got thought they're saving a
lot of money to work. That's what we're using for that. That's what we're
using because base hours aren't doing.
So were you thinking that just the adjustments,
incorrect, that we'll not do it that way,
but whatever. If you're using the estimated hours,
then the adjustment column. But right now,
I don't care what you're saying, adjustment has estimated.
Okay. That's, that's why I see your desire for it.
Umm,
the adjustment is essentially- last week.
We put the adjustment in base and whatever the base hours are showing to
get it to match what we have released tools.
We'll see. So analyze it with the,
and our base hours show that it's, um,
39 and we'll put the difference in the- uhh,
so that our- uhh, this is the source of base hours.
Base hours. Base is based upon production.
Okay, so let's- . . . So, your- your constantly changing the
adjustment again to the how to keep it at the hours you want.
5 8 9 right, you know. So,
if you would put the estimate and estimate card,
you would have to do that. Because it's so light on.
Bye bye. Let's see, the one line that has base out of a 16,
14 to the adjustment. So you got a total plan hours of 30.
Alrighty. See that one right there?
Yeah. Umm, so that one,
if you have 30 hours of estimated.
I'm leaving. With 16 in base,
you enter through the stuff, 14, you're coming,
and you're, and you're playing hours,
you're going to be invited. up. And it's, it's, it's,
it's coming out of the actual time work and how much they've done so
far. It's, it's coming from, it's it's coming it's coming from,
it's coming from, it's . It's, uh, how much for the time is,
you know, more positive than I have seen the piece since I read production
control to get, to get them.
in a second. I appreciate it and complete them. Okay.
Tell me that. I appreciate it. Well, it's, yeah. Yeah,
you're not definitely in that, I think, because we want to do it,
because we have to. Thank you. Yeah, well,
so that doesn't mean we'll meet you. We're not. We're not,
yeah. We're not manipulating the data because we want to.
We're manipulating the data because we have to.
We're not pulling anything over from the original estimate.
Well, why not say this to me? You're doing it because you want that.
. . Yeah,
so if you put the 30 hours of original estimate,
can you, can you add as much as that's got me?
So you can't. You can You,
you can add the hours of original estimate, yeah. Put it in there,
right there, and then get rid of your adjustment.
So- You So the summarize, so the original estimate would be,
so from the PC forum, right? So we'd say,
Hey guys, this is what we budgeted, you know.
Thank you. So it just doesn't even need to be there.
If we'll just throw in the original estimated out of it or the original,
into the estimated out of it. It's all good. It doesn't.
And then it'll take whatever the base out is for and figure out where
to find where it should be. Now, once you're leaving the watch.
The for them is, let's say that that was 100%
that, that particular lot was 100% that.
At least. And you had this situation where original art 30,
but the base, it's, it's, it's, you really only has it, you know, it'll
work. I'm sorry.
But going to But always okay. It's just like, I've done a Hey, that's
all it's good, right? Well, it's never playing 30 here because it
thinks more is coming. So it keeps sh- the 100% released to 100%
that it would use the base hours of 16.
If I were to send and that's what it was.
We want to, we want to be managing to the actuals of what the
work that we're safe and having,
and using. in. essentially, the knowledge of the original being at 30 to know
that you've got 14 hours of contingency. and say, okay,
I'm on the next one. So, good. So, I show that it's 100% realistic
we put a lightning dang. Yeah,
put anything in the light up there in here. Get right up here. I'm
here. Okay, let's move on.
Let's move on to the base. Thank so much.
See,
it's using the web. It still thinks it works kind of,
but if you change it, you'll see it released through a hundred.
Thank The reason is, it calculates the percent release based off of the
average. So, it changes to that because 54 more times.
But if you change the percent release to 100,
it would put your land hours back.
Thanks. That's
It seems like it's adjusting it for whatever will be put in your original
videos, right? I didn't do 100 in the panel of Jess.
Who's the source of original estimate? We got a guy with a,
a dartboard in Dilbert.
Right, that's the figure. Right, right.
Okay, so yeah. So, I would,
I mean, I guess it's probably an art
decision, but to leverage this- correct me,
I would say you would want to- to take whatever your base hours came
out to be, you would- you would want to that into your original estimate
number so that you could manage your percent,
at least, based on- of your base hours that you're updated,
we have zero, so yeah. Can we check our percent,
utilize the comfort? Just, like, look at this. So. So,
We're showing 16 hours, and now I'm showing that I'm in over,
but in reality on this line, I don't think I should've done.
Well, that's what I'm saying. So, the base hours, the original estimate I should
match, and then March should just know that it is actually released.
So, indeed, that's when we have a, I think the rest of the production
needs, and he brings us out. He's gonna have a separate column of bows,
actually. That's gonna be done with this stuff. That's,
showing that category. You're saying base hours need to line up.
Yes. I think so. Do we need to adjust all of it across the
board of men? I would see you. But. We'll in the base hours changes,
don't it? Base hours will change based off,
uh, based off of, uhm.
Important more piece of piece. Base hours will- So if they bring in more
pieces, then it's going to change that piece. But then the estimate is,
they're- I mean. But if we leave- if we- if we bring in more
pieces, but we sequence a lot into a separate sequence,
well, it's just that same sequence. Thanks. So
we bring in more pieces, right? We do another thing for this board.
Now for a step.
Okay.
So if we change it across the board, yeah. Yeah. So design. Base out.
Bye I'm not sure they'll estimate that your percent release here,
percent. Please are all going to flow through well.
So as long as, as long as. The, the,
the PDs that are releasing this stuff are giving you guys the hours before
that sequence in a lot. Then,
and you guys are not. Some of that, then, that this works.
But in a situation where it's like,
you know, hey, this is one out of three canopies.
Here's where I go overall. Oh, but. But then we'll just have to,
uh, we'll just have to make sure that if we pull the accountable and
then, and then march. We'll just need to know what that is.
Well, one more reestimates. So let's say markets.
Okay, so. Something from Gilbert.
He's like, well, yeah, it's not this. He said it's really this.
He says that. Where does that come from?
It's what it is. I'm so alone. It's a s-se-se-se.
Technically, what your base hour of energy is a s-se-se-se-se.
Could I work with me? Thank you. It is being re-estinated,
and that's at your base hours. And so, so the idea was that I'm
quite doing it this way. When we started a job,
we weren't even touchless. We could have a discussion of,
uhm, we're planning to pay for it,
but I didn't get it. We can at least go into that same thing.
What change, can we get a change of work?
I can adjust something, or does it do something like that?
The more dreams, the better. We just need a little treat that says,
oh, this has to be good stuff. It's good stuff, it's stuff,
it's good. So, like, every chance would be perfect,
and then we'll be able to try to go out to the, because we
can get done in four hours, and that's,
that's, uhm, the same. So, uh, you know,
we can get you all soon to think about that.
And in mind that I was actually married to,
I think it's a hard night, but it was just the fun and the
subjective stuff, but you know, you know, right?
But I can know that, y-y-y-y-y stuff, and that's what we're coming in with,
based on what we're saying, the whole world's around.
Uhh, we're just being popular, you know,
we're going to list that, uhh, we're going to be like. I'm hearing two
conversations, I don't have to work down,
keep it track. Bye. I
think it's really important that we agree on what this is because we're having
two summer, he and I are having a discussion,
and you guys are having a discussion. But I think it's,
what is the real answer about do this because,
um,
Alan is right here. See here. That, that 175 and being calculated between
two numbers and you're trying to avoid that from habit.
Good. Good. But, you know, what's your,
what's your gossip? So now, somehow we really need to do that right in
mind, yes, it's just change the 16 to 30.
is
in the plan, based on anything. In our base. Right?
Well. you It's great if the estimator actually estimated 30,
but we've seen some jobs where the estimator estimated right,
right, right, it won't change. But it will change.
We're giving, right, if we're only given 14 hours,
that's where we're adding these original estimated hours,
right? That's what-
So on one side, if base hours are coming in less than
original, right? That's great, right?
But you want more. You don't plan its production accordingly,
then we're talking bigger dollars, right? But you don't want to,
to still, umm, uhh, much of its hours
based off of, you know, having 10 guys busy versus the base hours saying
you're only going to keep 3 guys busy. Alright, I think we need to
show them the community you've collected for the huge jobs and show estimated
base. Show what's really happening. And then everybody kind of looks at what's really
going on, uh, and then have that discussion.
And it's, you know, we make it like, the end of it more like
day. We've been pulling data just to kind of look at it.
So, and, but I guess the base hours that aren't,
uh, you're talking, aren't pulling in. . Well,
it's, it depends on how you do it.
So, feel ready. Better.
Originalist made it. Originalist made it.
That's what we had a blessing, right? Base hours is saying,
this is what you have to do. Actually,
are going to be working for what's,
for what's out here. So,
in base hours is accurate. little bit.
I want that utilization to show you that I'm where,
umm, because if I literally d- n f 16
hours of work in thi 30,
then I want it to be 16. That's w I would be judged on
this decision. 16 not 30.
Now, it's good information that it's like,
okay, cool. Yeah, I believe that I might be a 28.
Yeah. That's awesome.
That's great work under, but it didn't actually be bad because it was really
sick. . I think there was a work that took 28 hours, right?
So, if the base hours are correct,
then I wanted to show that. Good. You know,
son of a, Right. So then it's a constant tweak to get the base
hours as books to web hours that were actually pretty,
Producing it correctly. Yeah. It might be not that because,
let's say, on the estimate, there were 40 gallons,
there, and now I've only got one column.
I don't want the base centers to be purchased.
No, no, no, no, no. What I'm saying is, is what I want is
the base to be with what you're actually going to produce today.
Yeah, yeah. So if it says 16 hours, we should be producing it at
16 hours, right? No. That's what we're shooting for.
Because regardless of the estimate, they gave us 30 hours to ask food,
but we should only need 16. Yeah,
and that's what you should manage for, which is what? And I'll be in
the day, I think, but then the most things may occur that we're getting
good data back. Right, and the way we've been utilizing this is.
is. It's wrong, right? Because what it's going to look at now is
the hours that we're planning, right?
you do it.
So the base hour of the plan is hard to get it.
You gotta give the shot before they don't get the rest.
Uhh, well, originally it was the adjustment,
which is to juggle the hours to fit,
and then that would bring the plan course over.
Right, so if it was 16 hours, we'd have 30,
we would add 2 to that 16 to get the 30 in the plan
hours. But based on- hours, assuming a 100% release of a base hour
fitment frame. If- if it's all- All of it.
Yeah, so if he changes base hours right now,
since it says a 100%, like,
change, uhh.
. ? Right, but if, uh, finally I guess they've done it.
If you change it to 31, see if you change it, but it should
change it to quiet. Yeah. Yeah.
Now, here's,
here's the game there. What,
if you do nothing but just connect the two.
You let's say that hours per ton of the estimate was non-hours of COVID,
right? I got a non-hours of That's where it's going to apply.
Well, let's say that this release had some
stuff that was 25...
I have hours of time in reality because it's higher,
let's say it's rails.
They're gonna be higher hours of the time, right? And some of the stuff
in the release was four hours a ton because they're just spiller beeps,
and they're just getting hollows. So.
Sooo That. Face hours may be whacked
out because I'm applying done when I should be applying to.
So there isn't
a way to do it while this way is going to- Because
the estimates gonna have to use,
predict what's called production case, which I'll just call this a production case.
And so now, pieces in the estimate.
Let's do it.
Are going to have to be designated as part of rails or prima beans,
and the pieces in production control are going to be designated.
It's rails or prima beans in order to apply these separately instead
of just the overall average of none.
So, wait a second. Thanks. Ain't nobody's building that way.
A lot of companies go this route because of this logic here.
What? Bye Most of them end up coming back here because
this is, that's a constant fight.
I'm back. But
your releases are very somewhat true.
Like your releases are columns or you mix work like that. Good. Good. Rails
of the babies, you know, the stairs will be with rails,
but that's, I mean, you know, all columns will be with- ehm,
but it's not. But you're still talking about an overall one,
okay, you're not talking about several releases.
See you But it doesn't put it, it is talking about specific releases though.
For now, it's a little bit later to me get down. Oh, yeah.
We detail. If we. We just make sure we decill everything out based off
of a full rail package.
Yeah, we don't. We don't miss. We don't need to.
We don't need to. It's changing.
But if we're, if we're doing rails and it beats,
then we need to understand that. So technically we need to detail up separately.
You guys can just assign them to different sequence of laws when they're in
the board. And then you can bypass having to keep them separated.
rated. So you guys are just organizing those eight that you actually would produce
them in the shop, right? So you say, okay,
like, I want to mark. Bye When you go to actually fan power level
of the project and say,
okay, we need to call them all out first,
right? So you can break that column and see if it's mine,
and then if he's gonna be it, it's only unique,
and out for time, or that set of columns,
right? And then you can, You know, of where things are there,
but where that's gonna be hard to manage into the overall function of it.
Okay. Get out of that. Uh, uhh, uhh, uhh, the Shilos
that last week, they weren't gonna try to find that panel to
the spruity, uh, or to the button.
I do think what they didn't do, what they didn't do,
didn't do was start happening. It's structural versus miscellaneous.
At the end of the day. Yeah, because if it was which would be
at least go to the integrity. I mean, it's not pretty open.
All All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All
right. One package to the mechanics.
They've already separated. I mean,
it's not. It's the answer. It's the two for a 0-7-5-8.
We have a meeting. There was good mentees. There was massive plates.
There was annual And then there were study comments.
What do you want? . So, uhm, the meeting of the upstairs.
What if you grill? If we give it as a sequence,
uh, and then lock that out, uh,
as far as, like, okay, cool a bit. Good. The WK's are on live,
but it's still a heavy-same sequence with the fitness,
you know, all the correct hours are deep for time.
But the way that we- . If you don't use production pairs,
it's the same number I like. But it would do a per-sequence
analog. Mm-hmm.
But based off of the way that we estimated on G's,
we estimated the pace off of it, meaning a stressful job,
right? So, like, we're not, So,
that's the reason for it. Yeah,
we're, I mean, they're going to go check.
You're may not return overall. Okay. Well,
the way proms really kind of mistake me at all,
as in some of the pieces, but you're not going to mean it separately
separately. We'll see if you're different, how or something like that.
I would say this would be more, like, blue sittin' to where it's over
on this. This would be best. I think it's the better.
You keep structural and this smells like you're saying separate,
and then we could separate out this smell.
That smells based on, like, rails,
stairs, and strangers. Okay, we're about to see,
you know, this one by nine, I'm gonna tell you because,
It may not be less of a material,
but it, or for that disparity like I was talking about,
but it couldn't be that. And the estimate just didn't have the right stuff
in it, right? Because maybe it wasn't leaving it out properly,
or something like that, so. So. Most apps that get into the overall apps
are intended in most cases for structural and general treatment centers.
Yeah, we do. I don't how to get started,
you know. It's, uh, it can be, it can be used in base hours
since they have adjusted actually. That's what we need to be putting in this
straight. More than putting them under adjusted health adjustment,
right? Yeah, please put them underneath.
So, I didn't have- I learned this column activated so originally it was gas
power adjustment, and then it should be a digital and base power.
Thanks. Yeah, what would the existing use for the long run then?
It would just use original and base. So,
we use base hours. dollars. And the adjustment in the work that the violin
is in. So our PC form will add these total
quantities of- I mean, this is our utilization with- So our utilization is
coming so close.
And then- That will give a new flavor
to the utilization for sure.
But, it'll also help you on the opposite scenario
where the hours are packed, the base hours actually come out.
. . More than their visualness made. Well,
that's gonna make you look better because it's like,
I can't, well, we should, uh,
you know, those issues.
It just makes it look bad when I notice that's- when you gotta get
it begun. We'll see guys in the Okay, so the numbers will go somewhere.
Umm, that'd probably be the most question to you,
Mike. It's very very So this is definitely
for LG, or in general. So,
I would say the- up. Uh, it's just the,
uh, it's the common fight of estimate versus production,
right? The estimate or job is funded.
So it's, uh, it's making sure that we're on the same page
to me on. Bye!
When you look back, it's kicked off so that we know,
do we need to really be interested in this and come up with a
way to make this into a, uuh,
as often as job as we can, or do we miss something,
at least establish what our vegetables It's your man,
it's his angle. His angle, his angle,
to make sure the Gilbert guys are getting the Gilbert estimates,
or anything that numbers really well.
All over the world. But your goal that far fixes it,
it marks no pressure really good. I think the,
the, the main goal here to make a lot is.
Cheers. Yeah, it's okay, well, I get that.
The main goal is to, if everyone's using the estimate
in- right, so all the numbers are based off of the unit rates and
the math that's divided into this,
right? So, it- You
Is it, uh, or is it a unit rating of something that we need
to fix, right? And I think that's where large we need to come in.
It's- and It's a
take off thing. I that's a simple thing to say, okay? It's clearly just
four columns and, you know, you only add two.
Right? But if we're trending constantly that I saw,
it is producing at half the rate that we're actually estimating to.
That's a global thing that makes you do a dress with,
you know, women, and it's, and you know, it's actually,
you know, it's a very sophisticated job.
And you go, you know what the original husband is,
before you put it in the shot, somebody looks at it and says,
no, this husband. It's been, over a year, it's 12 hours,
it's supposed to be 60, and they do the next five-hour balance.
It's supposed to be 16, and we're just drilling on it.
Thank you, Steve. And that's what the base column should be used for,
correct? No,
t***. You basically,
uhh,
it basically does. If nobody has to go get it and do it, they
calculate, oh man. Please don't- Love it.
It's time to get me a set up injury or one of them you
gotta ignore. It does, but it takes the adage from the estimate.
The next, uh, yeah, that's, uh, countable.
I wish I could have you go to a place where I can't.
The tournament, yeah, that's all you gotta do. But it matters to worry about,
too. So you have to be willing to enter and make me the best.
Uh, that's, can you try and get it all ready? All right.
All right. If you enter something, it really has to be.
Right? So I was saying, to give it another perspective of what we're talking
about is, this is going to kill us.
Let's just say it to. You're doing% work,
right? And within that estimate, you're doing frame versus structural.
And this base values here,
it's good. Good. Look at it and generalize it as if it's the same
main hours per time as the structure level. But you know it's a more
complex frame system that's going to need more.
So mark from the essence and say, I think we need to put a
fabric on top of that. Let's just add another 20 band on which is
a little bit, right? And I think that's it.
I think that's where you would add that back in the adjustment because the
original estimate, Even though he comes around with barks of action saying that even
though the bass hits really important in as the low range.
He still- back out. That's what we can do,
please. I think that's the end of this event.
The program, uhm, from the early last minute of the base hours,
and then if we think there's a necessity to put in the adjustment,
that's where the arm can put in the edge.
Just, just like, you know, rates in a, a main hour look,
right? It's, it's, it's saying that, you know,
you're at an 80% efficiency, but,
you have an, you know, okay, I know the pipe's looking air.
I'm going to need this this next year to bring the guys back down.
And I think that's, kind of what we're talking about, the adjustment is to
adjust our mean hours per time based on the complexity of the system that
it's going to take place and it's gonna,
I think we've used that adjustment for kind of similar to what you're talking
about or it's, we had some,
not having a report or something, but that on there.
Or that's a change order and there's more happening.
Usually the adjustment is the excuse.
And it's, if there's any adjustment,
there's always a question of what I am assuming.
What is my mind if there's a change order? Good you.
Good your turn. Good for the original estimate is going to be updated as
well. Because you've estimated the change order and your everything.
Based on correctly as increased, umm.
Some people want to keep in that area and let's make it fewer,
but that's why they put it in the south area. Other than that.
I get it, I call it change order one,
change order two, but they're still nice together.
But I think, The factors that we were messing with in
the local system, were trying to make the numbers and- Mostly math,
what production was doing remains.
The problem I've seen is, across three or four jobs,
it wasn't- . uhh,
what's the right word? Linear.
Right? So, you'd think that it would be this factor.
Well, that matters. And this stuff is not that job.
So, there's more going on here that meets the eye.
We probably need a bigger sample set. Got to really figure out.
No. But a 40-hour or a 150-hour job is
very different than a 4,000 job.
There's some things that- I think your, uh,
getting the global factors closer will only help everybody.
Yeah. good. Alright, Peter. That one is...
starting next. That's great. Obviously, at this point, you've got to really take a
look at what the actual is in order to adjust.
Yes. Yes. The rest was in there. We're trying to compare to what we
said the logic was, but I don't know whether that's based on anything.
See you then. Uhh,
that is more gut-driven,
which might be,
a lot, but, uhm,
I could not go on a whole day of check time,
and that's where the- . really
like you're saying, Sam will send it to the larger Trump.
There's that aspect or just going on a few timestamps,
right, actually. Thanks in the next video.
Just messingly saying, but then we have to be cognizant about the timestony
sample that we're doing based off of the rules that we're- to create on
how that, you know. So the way I- the way I perceive it before
is that we know that- for- for example,
it's- we should get the same cut time for everything from,
uh, you know, a W-A that's- you know,
13 pounds into 14 pounds.
So, to do a screw time sample,
we make sure we, uh, take a cut list and buy an- all those,
like, sizes that match the rule that we have,
and then apply that time study to that specific chunk,
and then you validating back. So what that version has many compared to the
next step up of, you know,
everything from a 40 pounder and up.
Now apply it and check that section of it.
But I don't, it's hard because I don't think you can get true data
that you want to manipulate. Like, a rule set based off of just even
large symbols because it's your averaging across angles.
Where are those at? You don't know what's wrong. It's just some things we
were told yet the day before. It's something that's basically fudging the hours
to stay well together. I got everyone to keep in the shot,
but I'm one of them off. We finished this job,
the estimated hours from the 100th.
We only used 60. And now we keep this guy out here working for
the other 40 hours, and we post the hands that go out.
So we already know the isn't reading what you're saying,
all the- the experience is bullshit because we didn't really get back on it.
And that's where- that's where I think evaluating our rules based on the- through
times to agree with you. And then- and then you got out of factors
and everyone agrees saying, okay, like, we did it,
the guy was- he was- you you know,
and then we'd back it up and say, well, the 80% back here is
100% of the- of the- of the impact of the ball.
yeah yeah when you extrapolate data across white flanges Thank you
for watching this. Mm hmm.
Well. you It goes in both directions or just on
what more you need, right? So let's say I need to send it back
to your friends. and W85 whatever.
Because it goes all the way out through to W44.
Yeah, it was processional. We'll be able to get a piece.
If I'm looking at the cut. So if I'm looking at the cut,
it's only the process and when you're the other you're going to be similar
size and then you're going very short. Well, let's say my numbers work kind
of typically saying, for this range, now when I get to that
range. . Yeah. When numbers jerk it down,
that's the end of the side, and at w24,
I put a new factor as a go. Okay.
That direction, too. You can tell at which point you want to get it.
So, when, when I get it, I,
I took one, uhhh, one piece.
Here's what we cut inside and how long until I put it all in
our passenger thing. You I thought that.
Yeah, and what I found was that it was,
it was generally. You know.
You know, it came within our range, and then I had to get a
new range going, like you said later. And then it was like,
eep. Thank you very much.
But I I knew,
I knew what that I'd like to. And it's probably one of the people
on your machinery, too, or, uh, how you're sure that it counts.
As long as you don't have to teach . You throw it all in,
but you know that it's range-driven. Yeah.
I mean, you can paint the range. Wait,
you're gonna have to create- We're going to create a move. You have in
your process that say these are our ranges,
and then on your equipment changes, you have to realize you have to go
next to that. I, I,
I've been got, I've got multiple different samples from
different sizes and all the-
That's the end of that arm measure. And it was like,
how close am I later? Okay, that's working really close,
but I'm good enough. But then the next one didn't get us.
So I'm going to use that running a bit of a lot to the
next one. So, yeah, you, you,
you, you can, you can take part of a range if you want. Now,
that. That was good. And then you got to understand if it's been a
check, it's based off with length or,
uh, weighing back at the entire leader.
Thank you. I'm sorry, but just fine.
I'm sorry. You said it. Let me have a rain if you want.
So, bad question. Wizarding.
So, good. . . He's got this rain. It was so bad.
It so bad. mean,
so whatever. Your channel. Whatever we're cutting on here.
Hey guys! How long is this? How long is this?
I think, right. You're signing off. If they don't start shopping,
I'm gonna, I'm gonna cap this again.
Good. So, if we were going to be having to do it next time.
Right, right. But as we were, would it escape that data and apply
it to, uhm, uhh, ehm,
the data, ehm,
if I'm sharing with you guys, and if I didn't sort of stop on
the, or any of the rules that I'm tracking, Thank having me. And both
of those would hit your share. So you might do the data on the
energy. But it's not necessarily because of that.
We're still going to have to. Someone's going to have to actually interpret and
manipulate that data into this.
And, yeah, to me, I was talking about it not a big change of.
I not going to look at the next job, you know,
uhm, uhm, uhm, eh. Helping us. No, I'm not going to say that.
No, but, you don't want it. it. 7 You want it one, you want
it that for it. Yeah, and you would want to trend the hater consistently,
uh, in this size, consistently not hitting ours.
Thanks having us. Let's figure out why,
and then it's. Yeah, it was way better. I'm gonna buy him 60s.
Another guy buy him 20s,
and he's out in the load. Yeah.
And make sure you know what to make sure, too, because. videos.
Thanks for we need, if you say, tell me how long it takes to
get this, well, are we talking just later,
late running time, or are we talking about,
okay. I've got a, uhm,
it's going to be, uh,
roll it up, ahead of the set,
now cut it and go. I mean, that's good.
Well, yeah. Make sure that you have what you're looking for.
I mean, my brain is, you know, my brain is,
here's a cut, yes. There. There's 23 pieces on it.
Yeah. Start, stop. How many cuts can I get?
That picks all that up. Yeah. Bye.
It means that that start stop means to correlate to how the move is
actually written, right? So it's because technically,
I believe the way that we assumed it originally was that the starting
is when he gets there and the whole start is pointy,
right? The cross does check,
gets it bit up, gets the clamps in,
and starts, because the right thing gets better on it,
and it's, indexing it over. That's your start to stop,
but one cup of meat. Okay?
And one of the things we have along,
a long time ago was, we just had it our basic ASL spreadsheet that
just showed what the process was,
what the rule was. And then it's had a narrative of kind of where
we assumed that that number kind of was coming from,
right? And then so, uh,
scoot it for no-
They would go hand is,
so then there's a lot of overlap that I think is,
right? It could be a problem, but there's a lot of overlap.
Me not, we're handling to go to the next,
to the next station. And does every, I don't know,
it started last week. Because everybody in the shop,
I'm sure there's some trying to be there. Does everybody know those rules?
And that's where I think, right? Thank you for getting asked for years,
understanding exactly what the numbers really mean.
Getting them on board without any- or actually going so you can look for
the whole eyes of it. Okay, yeah. So we're assuming it's this,
but I'm actually making something that's 80s.
So the guy's gonna, I'm gonna have to give him some extra turning,
this is gonna have to walk all the way over there, you know,
walk all the way back, kind of thing, but understanding.
Where those, your parameters live,
or 100% efficiency, and where you should manipulate something going into the next.
Thanks. So, you should think of it as another big one.
Wherever job alignment, uh,
fitting a standard stiffer and a beam work.
I'm going to be basically versus a frame section or a buff bridge
basically. Kind of understanding that that's the main side of the What are you
doing? Well, we're talking about base hours and where do you actually are
tri-ethmated and really adjust your hours.
Thank you very much. And maybe you can
be that with just the overall efficiency, I'm not sure, so that, uh, beginning
estimate part. Perfect. Do you want to globally do that across an entire 1,000
ton project, where you just do it on a couple of parts,
right? I know, I'm sorry. It's a of that domain,
and those rules, uhh,
uhm, yeah, but, internet, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, n
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, n
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, n nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah, n nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah,
nah, nah, nah nah,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah Then it's
out It, it, it,
not the pulls it in the original, this one. You, yep. That's what you
look for. It's a manual, you know. Yeah, because. I'll see you next You
should have an estimate. You'll know what a sequence is or what a lot
is. You go a little great now. So you can't interpolate.
So yeah,
put that in. Believe that was our,
uhm, if you did start a stop on the stage.
Thank you very much. If you you're a linear candidate, uhm,
that would be that actual hours coming back in from that start stop on
the stage. So.
That, that's what I was going to say before,
if you were going to do time studies with the start stop on the
stations, that would be the awesome way to do it.
You just gotta watch on your schedule, because then you might want to build
a lot, and you gotta slow the start stop on time jacking,
and then you'll be on the start stop on time. A station is lance,
and it can double up hours. But kind of going back to your sample
approach of how you do it is. . . . You don't worry about
there again. Time study is just one cut,
right? But if we can group them based off of the rule,
and you say, okay, here's your cut. You know,
I'm gonna say two hours with the cutting, right?
We can now backtrack that into, well,
okay, he actually took two hours to- like,
birding cuts, and then you can back down into the bathroom,
based off of the bathroom. Someone's gonna be- he's gonna hit it the first
time, someone- he's gonna have to double check,
because, you know, he burned an inch, forgot about it,
or whatever he's right, so he- he just created- a big enough sample,
but that sample has to match a rule, or else it- it blends.
And so I think we need to really establish what the- rules are,
and then we can spot check.
And what we've done on the floor, too, is we get into bigger packages.
this. We can then take those rules,
and we want to get competitive. We can go do a couple of sets
and say, okay, we know that we're going to be running a bunch of
40 times. Alright, so let's go take one,
let's just run it through, and then,
okay, we can actually fine tune that a little.
you get it and get it and get get it and get it from
somebody. That's where you can use that efficiency back to the set.
I think we are going to be getting that efficiency on your own.
Like the,
the market disappeared with me, but the banish is right. We, we,
sure ran that, that higher efficiency than the market,
or the standard 75% is in there,
because they're 12 I didn't. Yeah. That's right.
That it's, so you should be able to fix your up, and that's a
problem. We've yeah, they're framing,
but we should have, we should have get more efficient as we do.
Because it's well or similar. That's what that is,
right? On user's argument that if you're doing about a thousand,
Different means that you have to treat each one as you mean.
Think you're not good enough. Because they're all different,
right? There's no cheap setup. There's no cheap exactly.
So in terms of quality efficiency,
you should actually bring your own us down based on what your base is
and not that. You haven't touched it in terms of quality.
But, you gotta kind of get base samples based on rules to know where
it actually . . That's what the rules look like.
Oh, there's a sin that's getting right. I think that's where all the rules
are applying. But there's some, there is somebody's head or somebody's paper.
That's what we need to get out of the system. So it needs to
go on. And it's a maintenance,
right? It's where we have it established. It's
been, it's been a while, is it? Yes.
You're just playing in standards.
Uh, we've been speaking to these doctors.
Here. You have to play anything.
So if there were more rules, figure out how to do it.
Yeah, I mean, I need the justice. business. ... I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know what you're saying.
Just, just click on Beings. Don't fit here on that.
Like that. And then sort by Khu. I don't know if this is what
your phone came with. Up at the top,
you have another. More. So, this,
I don't know if this is what you're going to have. There's another load,
which is gettin' off the truck. Let it down in the off.
There's a get piece which will get out of the door and take it
to your machine. I think you should talk about the yesterday that's gonna end
up with end d- Yeah, so very directly by way,
right? So where do we really, where do we really vary by way
on the section, right? Great. But no,
actually, it depends, right? Like, if it's,
if it's this way, then, if it's this way to this way,
then- Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, where can you do the language factor for our
body? Uh,
honey, honey, we messed with both of them.
So, okay. I mean, right there, right there, you're going to cross section.
I know, but we're in the satellite. We were deeper in it than that.
On air than the satellites? Yeah. Good. Not the maintenance,
that's the way you're going to be with some language that it never stands.
. Right,
so, riding here,
we looked at something. Thank you.
The other job is, and we made an adjustment to these minutes
and then ran the job. you I'll see if it could match the job.
On job A, it's like, yep, we're great.
On job B, not so much. Thank much.
On job C, it was a little closer.
So, we were messing with it right here.
So, my question is. Thank you. Is, are there actually rules currently
for these times? So, that, that,
one minute thing. So, yeah. And second. So,
we're happy by five. It's based off of the cross section layer,
right? But then it's, Alright.
It's really the unload. See how that's just engineered?
Well, minutes. Can't tell me that that 3x5 is gonna actually take.
See ya. 12 minutes, right? But what defines,
uhh, 3x5,
what defines 12 minutes? And what I remember is- anything,
any number from 0 pounds to 30 pounds is 12
minutes. So, I think it's 14 feet, it takes 12 minutes.
That's right, and yeah, so that's a, so the 40 foot mark,
but it's, and that's where it, the easiest way I could ever look at
it was, it's all, it's all spread. And you kind of start rooting all
of it, then statements together, and you start defining table,
why is it- uuh, 14 powder takes,
or a 40 footer takes, 15 minutes versus a 39
footer takes. Thanks. Like, whatever, why is that language,
right? And then you start justifying it from there.
Cause if you just had a sheer load of three mic- I was at
her, like, so you had the exact same length on three web eyes,
funnel, right? And you're gonna funnel cut. And.ming.
at All right. right. Good. One of your love together.
You don't want to put it, you know,
it's a big label. Exactly.
And that's where. Under. numbers. Seeing me really where these times would really kind
of compile from a, just a global image that's saying,
well, that's the main standpoint, everything like that.
That's where you want to be able to,
I think, you want to pull a picture, go into where it's going to
be, you know, hours. All right. Welcome, Mr. Michael. And really don't want from
a base hour standpoint, knowing that there's no way where it's going to actually
take us to follow out hours and adjust again from there.
Thank But you have to have a knowledge with an hour from coming soon
to be able to think that it's a film. And that's how good we
go to interview one-on-one and- either and say,
well, how long to move?
How long to do both of the clips, and like,
you'll do it yourself. Thank That's because there's all of these extraneous
factors on the exceptions as well,
right? So, okay. Yep. I'm getting sure to measure that.
That's easy, that's a beautiful, and that's just pretty,
it more de-ins, right? Don't get that.
Fun long thing. I'm getting lean, and I'm getting out of the stuff.
I'm probably going to look at it on the Mac for your job to
get out of places. And I let me get into all of it up
or down, cause otherwise, I'll just be down already.
You know what I'm trying to say? Let's try it. One dot one gear.
So I've done worse. Let's go see that,
balta dot fillet and boron- I've changed that one a lot of the time.
Well, I think I need it, but it's gonna be a little better.
And I think that's knowing where the- Like,
roomings go. I think it's gonna help define how to break those signals and
lots down. So that you can actually come up with a good s- sample
size that doesn't have a lot of other factors into it,
looping to get yourself good and pe with that all time.
If you're kidding, you're, You're an average 25 man on the floor.
But, uhm, but it's understanding kind of where you're given to you for,
I'm if you in the middle section,
I think it's really where you're getting good data.
So at the end of the day, that's, I think, I mean,
take the afternoon, y'all. If you have a good set of data in here
that we really trust, we really know where we can push and where we
can get it. Everything else is just a take off,
right? It's just, you just have your funds to take offs good,
you can really like. I don't understand, but,
uh, if we don't know where we can, we can't provide the staff,
it's, I might as well go back to the dark and think,
uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, it's gotta be,
uhm, you gotta get really good actual
downback. back. I don't think anybody here really kind
of trusted the actual numbers that we're looking at.
So, eh, it's really gotta be. You gotta make sure there's
hours on the jet motor and leaving this unit.
Alright. And I'll have to make it there. We'll you in You more of
the jet. I don't know what extent perfect that I'm this lot.
I didn't trust him. But, yeah. Trust me. We'll see you very good.
Really good. Last big one.
Well, I think that's the goal. I think that's the thing we're trying to
show. But, yeah, we're really good. Wait. I mean, uh. I'm going go ahead
and in the day, I mean,
let's just take the maintenance from the problem,
really, side of the building. We want good data.
Have a good one. To start getting this accurate,
where we can trust it and condemn it. Thank you.
There's still sales side of it.
No one. . When you can get more money,
and then it'll be competitive. And then there's the management side of where I
think more of a. I believe,
once the door is being able to accurately know how many hours it means
to do something so we can really say. Hey, customer,
we're going to have this too on Tuesday. Yeah.
And really playing out to know I'm overloading on a soft- for the next
six months, right? I need to get another saw,
I need to get two shifts going, another operator instead of those two.
Kinda mean it. I know. I mean, I don't know. I mean,
there's a lot of,
ehm, a job scrub. Take out the something else that's in it,
right? I'm to be in the job job. Supporting the field,
getting stuck on time is, is a huge factor because those guys,
I mean. . . We're burning grains, we're burning fire launches,
like, all sorts of how much we're going to delay some of their stuff
physically. I mean, Mario gets the
vaccine only thought a lot of times because we're finishing up the design.
Bye. It's not always blind and the labor and execution is always
getting pushed up. So he's trying to really fit things in the narrow window.
Bye-bye. While juggling 12 other ones and being able to accurately
say, like, this is really what it's gonna take us.
I- The plan's out until you're gonna get it on- on the stage is
gonna be a big schedule to push.
Yeah, the problem is- I'm just sorry- I mean- that's- even better because that's
kind of what you can tell to you but- 9.10%
from the meeting's very perfect.
And, yeah, I mean, that's, like, the biggest frustration a lot of times when
I feel this not- No. That's when I lost my knowledge because there's the
budgets in bigger things when it comes to this,
but hitting digits.
But yeah, that's a huge.
Yeah, and being able to protest that 7,000s with our production schedule will be
having- and you know, way helpful.
This is the amount we have for this period of work.
We can finally start affording the- range.
And, and make sure that we're able to hit what we got to hit.
So, uh, so how do we move this?
How do we take some of this up and,
and, and, and I'm just thinking out loud here.
But how do we, come up with ways that we can use,
what our family body should be,
to know what we, We can go and check,
right? Like, how do we, where do we really just find some of the
stuff to break it into rails and build our beams?
me. Or cut a list that are up to all channeling to,
you know, 10 pounds to really start getting some.
I'll you in next True. True. Yeah.
Well, let me just say it's from working at what, um.
Hello. If I look at the data that we were looking at on
this one, found out, you know, everybody.
We'll find time for the big answer. But this is it.
So, ladies and gentlemen, look at those three or five jobs.
And these are the jobs that I believe were manipulated now.
So, believe me, they're playing, yeah. That's why they came in.
Why not? Well, what time were they now?
I don't know who it is. No problem.
Yeah. About 30.
And then, for each split out, you split out two different trussles.
Yeah, two different trussles. So we did- what was released on our shop package,
and, you know, the blood in the estimate and the tech glove,
and then, umm, welcome. and have a head for a screenshot after the opening
or tweaks in there to try and fine tune in a little bit.
And, umm, what did- uh, for two, it's not supposed to be anything like
a two or three of well-paced. Like,
all right, I'm going to just look at this here. Uh,
so, here we go. What about the day before you were here on Monday?
Isn't that the day we've had Mark sitting here and he went over three
jobs? Bob's. And those ones came out within an hour.
Yeah, it was. That's the ones that I saw.
And that's because those have been benefited.
So what I,
what I was comparing this to was the budget to what Tackley is.
Because the, the toad. The actual hours just
were too perfect. I don't, I don't know that I would trust them.
But the budget split out as.
the S opposed to tech love is really what I was comparing it to.
Yeah, going forward.
I would be. Like, okay. How long?
I think what I'm doing is going to keep going backwards.
I look at everybody's total hours. I wish.
Compared to the hours that were applied to the job and see if that
actually lines up. That's why I always run against cable.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Just know if it's available.
It truly is. It truly worked out.
Well, that's what it makes it the same time.
So, if you looked at what was, what was the budgeted on that,
that project ever kind of customer to the chamber,
we added money for the process of. Uh,
he, you know, didn't mean last week. And every time he had to include
it, I saw it. Yeah. He came on the way to sell them.
And I said, it's good. Yup. Yup.
That, you know, was prescribed to shoot a good one.
Yeah, that should have gotten to this exact end of it,
I think. I that, uh, the, the,
the, the, the budget, the total, the, the, the session on the back specific
job, I know that one time. That one got scrapped.
Okay. Especially the way that we redesign a lot of connections and things a
lot of more. But I think, so let me change this from estimate to
actual. Marshall. Great. Yeah. Yeah, they,
they answer kind of the profile.
Yeah. So what does Mark estimate off of?
He estimates. That amazing. He gets the shot points he gets for me.
Whereas the estimator now, well,
Mark's checking, right? All right. Like, very long it's actually doing the data.
I'm trying to do an estimate and then,
ehm, we're reviewing, and it's going to look like,
or I didn't estimate enough later.
And then, once we're on the same page, we then take that back.
Go ahead. And in the infants,
within the budgets that we perceive,
that it's good, we push it through. If it's outside of the budgets,
then, Then we raise the flag A,
we think we're gonna have a total return on this one, and that's when
we can be back to the estimating team to say, A,
hmmm. Alright, so we asked him if it was something else,
or are we, are we hiring or dissertion?
Actually, just preplanning so that if we're going to go over a certain amount
of the project, at least letting your team know,
what? Bye. Hold on, participate. Then obviously shoot it for the original
goal and push the guys to maintain the original hours estimated. Thank I will
see you in the next . . We can't change our own and make
up what we're anticipating our own room street.
Are you in the asking room? Are you in Are you in the asking
room? asking room? Right. So,
it depends on the project.
I don't know. Probably not. No, we have to be looking at the designer.
You these guys are going to shut, right? So,
it's a horseback. Yeah. You know. Cause that's where the end of the difference
is, right? Yeah. Cause, design may- Yeah.
Made it easier. Yeah.
Use it all on the end. It's, it's, it's on. It's on.
I'm gonna Anyway,
it's different. I like that. Yeah. Point in it.
And that's, that's me. That's right.
There it is. You Yeah,
it is. It's the real big actual time.
It's, and then fine up front,
right? It's the- I did it here, so I didn't mind if we had
an issue to where we didn't, you know. It's not at the end of
it, we're forecasting. That's the date they did.
We fix it, do something different to save the job.
It is how they did it. Or, or, like them,
like what they're saying, is that it comes in honor and is action.
You know, it's only planned in my production scene point that we're only going
to be three days worth of the word, right?
And that's the right word. Alright, man. The floor tested mass,
I thought it, and not going into it, but thinking that it didn't even
play down or swear. Okay, I didn't,
you know. Don't. Don't. The guys are going to now have,
you know, five days to do it. It should actually push them so they're
three, but I don't have to work on the two guys in the max.
Bye bye.
I don't, I don't want to tell the shot.
How many buzzers do you guys rehab for the next three to six
months? Yeah. And then run it and see what it comes.
It comes out to be and then compare it to the estimated
and adjusted. I trust
I don't know if people are going to come up with the weight each
year. They're going to sit up. Yeah, I'm going to go over on this
channel. So I'm going to take some of those out of me.
I'm going to do a job because I think I'm going to do that.
You can see it in the system too. Yeah. But I bet they do
it either. This here.
And appreciate it. I it. Thank you. And you. I just think tackle is
important. You can make changes.
Yeah. I don't.
you Thank you.
I don't think you're here. . . I don't you're here.
I don't like the
sweet. We think I'm, I'm seeing with what I had here,
but I don't really trust for that. No, I don't think I'd see when
it's bad or hard. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's a,
it's a, it's a lot of student business. I mean, it's a couple years
worth of usually I'll be just a group of people on the platform,
so, good. Get a shot, kind of. I always had a relaxing change,
but we both have a challenge, like,
what we do on this fight, and fight by doing it in the,
It's generally not too far out of It was okay to
me, I would just keep running with it, but get some really good data
to come back and change it. Yeah, I agree.
I'm not scared of being a whole child.
I'm gonna be scared to run a bit, but. Okay. Let me,
one of the smaller used calls are going to seem better to use it.
And then. But you, but you, but have one over and that's okay with
these. But there's just,
you do not. Okay, so I, you know, you have consistency.
It's not what we got. So far,
I had to make the decision. . . Like that.
Good.
Well, even with the change,
you know, they're probably located versus five hours,
uh, or day south. With the production,
uhm,
we can inform our leads on base hours.
and so on. Instead of originally estimated,
you can give them the goal below what was actually estimated.
See if they can hit that goal. Inaudible. If they can.
Because right now, we're classing on the big board of the shop.
This is no mercy air for this. It's no mercy air for this.
It's the sound you haven't seen in this. Yeah.
We use it. So we undercut that goal and we're always
shooting for something slightly. okay I'll take I've been bit less than what we
have. As long as we know we've recovered a budget lives with what's estimated,
then it don't matter what we're telling them they have to do it.
Yeah. Mhm. And it didn't make a budget until what they have to do
it again. And then from there it's a set of hunchiever bowlers,
or you can actually. Thank you very much.
Yeah. So, cause that's definitely,
and we can do that on the work
package. Bye. You know, I think at the end of the day,
we take out a good motivation factor,
like this. We,
As, as from, uh,
me and it's the same, like, cap to double what the actual
art is. . Right, like, there's so many times the estimator is being skid,
and you start going through this, like, I have no idea what all this
intensity can see. Like, you start putting this up in,
and you don't have no idea what your true actuals are together.
You have to get some sort of- comparability of what to the shot actually
would be. It's you know, right, you know, at the end of the day,
when we're self-delivered, it's your motivation to to the- .
Or, like, what it is, it'll be happy to be comfortable with what to
the shot actually puts. Okay,
the finish goes into- I mean,
it's a big picture of when, you know,
we're putting it 16,000 times instead of the shot.
So, w- You know what I'm saying? Right. So,
uh, it might keep me actually doing it, right?
Like, do a thousand, you know,
um, so. So. One, like what an effort is going to be comfortable with
it. The sales side,
I mean, that's the easy side. But. We'll see you know,
but then you want to deal with it. But we need you're comfortable with
what we actually didn't do.
Right? Okay. Okay. Let's see. You're sorry. You're sorry.
Bunching beans and getting away from, you know,
what would sell it for us, didn't it? It gets very confusing here.
I need- I want to lose sight of what our being actually
production . .
I'd bet a $16,000 that use working towards them.
I think so. The MCthink is the-ass,
or whatever. They're big.
In, uh, we didn't see you over,
but I didn't see you over to the side then. And it was the
Yeah, they're very important to that.
I guess production means that you can get an else.
And I mean, then besides We have developed one inch points here.
And then we have the dual spices, multiple dual spices to the rear.
Thank you. So, um, have the rooters,
like, 74 feet. So we have the,
uh, the, the goodness of the footer. And you have the bottle too.
Then we have the hookup. You over to the 16th footer and the long
top. And then we have another specific piece.
Break the schedule. I feel, It's about, very looked at.
The schedule was to get drawings in November and to get them to November
and March. Yeah, very good. There's 7,000 tons in March.
Yeah. Okay, I don't even know if they're coded.
If they're coded, they're coded. I don't think they're coded.
I don't have that okay, interesting.
Something that big one would probably aspire for.
I think. So, um. Don't forget to ask them.
The estimator or the GC?
That's good. Uh, I think for answer.
All right. Good. Just, um, yeah. Mm hm.
Probably some of these other instructions, uh,
described a long case of-
Um. Adjustment?
Yeah, that makes sense. Give me that change month.
Give me what you need to- What do I mean here?
Are you leaving here? Umm, I need you to go out here in a
few minutes. I've heard you're buying- You and I should have a quick talk
about the 2020 departure. Watch There's too many people saying it's not my job.
Oh, yeah. I have a feeling you're the decision-maker here.
I'm not gonna see. Ha-ha.
That's the person. That's the question.
Anybody, Jeff has the coupons? Just so you know.
Right. So he's got it. We just didn't do what to do.
So, uh,
yeah. I would say no one's gonna make a decision.
I say we, we pass. All right. I'm actually a prep of the actual
fitment that we're gonna do, which is just a single edge,
right? And then running as a T.G. in cognitive.
That's what the guys are gonna do, okay?
Are they gonna get, I don't want, Are we done with this?
Maybe you and I have a little side, side marker? Yeah. Alright.
Alright. Uh,
what's the local national's? If pervert or tomorrow is not gonna take my athlete's
self spreadsheet, I'm gonna take him to believe that. We'll have to match what
we have on the figure out what we need to
do. So we're gonna finally- do a practicing grip on that.
And obviously, I know that actually I was,
like I said, coming up with some- some- I'm going to back to the
some way that we start gripping these things to get bigger,
because when we- long, long, I'm going to back to the- what are the-
the approach that we had is- is you group a cut list on,
and- and even if you group a cut list,
and you say, okay. Thank It's a good sample to have over it,
or do you talk about it? Just having to get it right on the
paper, and just say, hey, I started out a hoo hoo.
. I started 8.03. I got, uh,
pen 15, right? And then it, it, it,
something I can come back and release some stats of paper,
something can come. And you can have some,
you know, there, you guys are bored, so we've got this all the time.
And then, then you can take, you can buy that out and say that
they don't just tell them. So, there are 75 cases in the guy that
have got any four minutes. You can check it.
So, the, the basic catch. Yeah.
Go ahead. And, and tomorrow or two, whatever you get that wall imported in,
I think it would be kind of careful for us to run it from-
the room, purchase it,
do a cutness, process the cutness,
do the receding, just to make sure there's no other h- .
We can run through that pretty
quickly. How do I expect to be here?
Yeah. Yeah. Everything I've got is gonna be better than stuff. And then it's
all, all the evening, you know. Yeah, it's, it's. David,
thanks. Thanks, David. And wanna thank We'll see And we'll see And we'll be
have some, I think, some of them. It depends on the approach,
but I like that. I think that's it,
David. I think that's it. I'm in jail. I'll see you in the next
I mean, yeah.
It'll fire your fire. If your project's in there,
I know I'm saying no need to go. Sorry, stop.
I can't blame anybody for supporting me. You're just from there,
it's really, you put it in there or I have a new job,
because it only happens when you've gotten invigorated.
Umm, well, it's not the same, but it's definitely the same kind of thing.
We have jobs. Retail companies are very important.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They're not actually working,
they're all changing. Yeah, yeah. Or yeah,
artisans. And uhh, uhh, uhh, people do it on the board these months.
So, we're doing too least a stack,
right? And so, they're going to listen to a battery and go on and
blow you some champagne. Thank Uhh, let's listen to the units.
Hey, there, there are. I can get familiar with the units back.
So, uh,
I that's easy. Why don't we- That's not something we can be guys trying
to get the schrapping. That's no doubt. Yeah.
Where is the unit on that look? We're headed, Is it-installed?
Is it pre-installed by Mr. Jones? I think it's not even this job.
It's good here. The bar is cutting back and that's the second section.
No, no, no, no, no. Just, uh, just, uh, No, just,
you know, uh, it's, uh, it's real, not just a- not real,
not really. I can't do it- it's just.
. ...I deserve- hmm, you want? It's a second.
I just shut the equipment, it's such fun to be using guns,
you know, it's being guns and just- I think that- Thank you.
I don't know how to say that,
but you can write the funny things that are ignorant,
because they put the relax with that on the inside or on the other
side. It's the consensus to get up,
because it's virtual, because everyone I was seeing is meeting 12th-day images,
and it's going to be third-day at home. And,
uh, And the biggest thing, like, it would just slide in,
and then you got to come up at the end,
and you got to back and forth there, and it's all, it's a thousand
years old. I
don't get it,
because, like, these are how we're resulting. Yeah. I don't even get typed together.
Okay. I'm to see what this is inside.
Cause I'm going to all this. I'm going to need it. He's going to
lay right away. I'm going to go back and battle.
That's going to be forget. Okay, thank you. Uh, I'm going to lay it
in 40 now. I'm going to take a look at this.
So I'm going to take a look at it. So I'm going to show
it to the customer. Well, that's one way.
Now, we have some rows.
I don't know how much you might have made from Genesis. And yes,
it was within 2000. that of. that's what was saying.
I don't know. It's, uh, yeah, two pieces. I'm going take out this one.
I'm going to make a huge list of the guys' walks here in the
dwellers' booth. You have it. If it works,
spin it up. Yeah, so, uh, isn't you running the intake?
Why don't you just say it down to a vote? Well, I don't think
it's always back with me about you. Thank you. Actually,
I've heard that it's, uh, the best measure is still going to pick it
up a sentence. Okay, so, yeah, I just don't have a problem with the
bullet that they've actually put back to.
Umm, ehm, ehm, ehm, ehm. I'm going to break this if you
haven't seen it.
Umm, ehm, ehm, ehm. But I'm a graduate,
I'm a I'm a I'm a It's all I've done since I was born
five years. Nice and late. Umm, ehm,
ehm, ehm, ehm,
ehm.
So, uh, I kind of have to say, right? So, as long as you
have to become 50% everyday out there,
or just like, get this part of somewhere, is That's
one of the
United.
I'm going to go ahead I think I'm in pleasure with the Vietnam time
studies and all that side over there. I'm going to give it an essentially
need to have. Yeah.
That's you know, I don't know not something that I have job,
but it's not something that I can It's not something that I yeah,
I job. It's inside of it, I get shocked, but it's fine with it.
I don't think my name is so. . . I'm sure it stays on
it. You've never kind of lived.
I don't know. They don't get bothered even if they ask about staff.
Okay, that's great. Now I'm nice to wish I But no,
the program you're using, it's almost.
You don't have to go back and forth. Okay,
you'll just send one, uh! I've got,
I didn't even need to compare it to them, so I sexually used to
go to Ben Hall and, uh, and go right in to the inside,
because of the alphabet about labels. I didn't have any of these patterns that
weren't used to me, I should really collect what I think of it all
to me. He's had the theories when he asked me.
I didn't see any of these. I was thinking about it on that table.
Yeah. And I think- You know what, I just think we have done sometimes.
We need to be able to buy it in a little shot. I'm not
going to just buy it in the other way. Yeah. Do you know that
we're going to the Canadian side? Because of all that charity.
It's one group kind of long, eh?
The ones that I expect are- I don't need to be skeptical of the
way. I need to get their own direction inside of the business.
Yeah, all of it. They need to be used to be in case it
was a push to all of the cost. All right, we'll see you week.
Now, we are interested in something that is,
uh, the thing that nobody else can accept from the government to be on
this stuff. Uh, so, they are on a,
Umm, uhh, uhh, hmmm. and the 11th message gave the name.
That, we have the states that we're going to be president if they're not
going to have much love. Maybe you should all know how to do the
program, the excels, and ex-creatives that are planning So,
shut those all in. It's not a big part of the community, it's not
a big part community, it's a big of the community. It's a big part
of the community. It's a big part of It's a big part of the
community. Take this back here,
Tom. It's a part of it.
It's a big part of it. It's a big part of
it. I thing is that you haven't done it for me so I know
they've got some anxiety. If you're not going to be waiting,
especially outerson about you, who screwed it up,
you know. I am, uh,
there are just a lot of feelings in this.
There is a lot of truth.
He's only, I think, presenting. Thank sir.
And there's a lot of reasons why I got to do it.
I think it's one of the things that I know it's going to be
challenging to me. It's going sharp line, so we can get fixed.
I'm just going to, We're in some other, We're thought the laser is going
to be anticipated.
I think that's a lot of reasons to come in here, so I think
it's a good word. with me.
I'm gonna bring this thing out here, and this place is the next place,
the U.S.S.K. All of these same and high states with my own shares.
They're really starting to scratch it out. It does not say it's important,
and we're really good times. It always takes the name of this account saying,
make sure. Alright guys, we hope I don't put it right here in the
time stays, but we're through so much. That's it,
we're starting to put out 50 seconds a day. Great,
so we know- We have an answer,
and the answer is, can you use that, right?
It's a seal though. It's a little different. It's a little different.
It's the way we do it. Yeah.
You're gonna hang me last time. Right. You know, talk to me later. Bring
the laundry on. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. I'm going ahead and I think
that they're alive. Yeah, and Steve's thoughts.
We were deserved to be here.
Thank you. Thank And the job,
Dila, I'm part To ourselves and do more work against us here tonight.
We'll be nice to meet you guys and see you along with them. I'm
part of what I'm doing. We're taking a moment of fighting.
So we're like, I hate flying us on the ground in the work that
they're doing. I hope At least they have a 6-minute event.
And also a great day. I'm telling you, you know,
the girl is definitely a bright community. I just,
I guess, the bottle is due to the- and it's important that it's hanging
apart from the back, which is the exact same thing.
Oh, wow. our friends.
and I'll agree is that when you move this thing, I like to do
it. We got the solids, and and then we have 2,000.
And then this one. It's not,
it's like, if we don't have some various applause,
it's really good. It's, it's a good skill.
It's really good. It's a great very,
very That we don't have to be able to spark around and just finish
like this. Like, the exterior open,
well, I think we should stick with blood. Yeah, it is. It's very good.
I'm coming All right. You're to be in the department of addition.
As soon as it stays later, I want to know when I'm going to
reach the convenience of him. So I'm having this kind of schedule to be
back. You better. That's it. We need to have this similar kind of questions.
At least I'm meeting them next year in the office.
Let's give it a new thing up there. We'll do it forever.
We can, uhm, we're supposed to speak any more.
You can't listen to the parliamentary statement about it.
So we're going to go on the dice, but we're going to think we're
going to, just going to end up wasting the, uhh, the most familiar in
the air is starting the ball. Yeah. So I'm going to ask you,
okay, I'm going to ask you, I mean, if I just,
I'll take it. You better play it. It's going to throw it in.
I don't like trying to call it listen. I want to tell you both
songs. Come on guys. You know, you're better than me.
That's what I said.
. Next morning, we should go to the city. So, uhm,
finally, on the interior, the same way that we created drugs here in Vermont
and Foxport. Yeah, that was the end of the video. It's not to understand.
It's not easy to trust our guys, but, you know, otherwise you need one.
I think it's got fat and anxiety. I don't know.
I don't know. Good night. It's been a couple of days,
but it's a lot of steps to say, you know, let's just do what
the guys can do, and that's where, uh,
my, my, my. Thank you.
I think name I've looked at, uh,
what's the possible office that I've known as? I think it's currently analyzed in
English to me, but I'll see ya. and I mean,
I mean, I want something to do with the design,
I can't just say that that's just a lot of office. I mean, that's
not a lot of, because there's a lot of studio that's focused on that.
Okay, let's. Well, hi. I'm an old-time speaker.
I'm a shoot man, and I'm a dedicated speaker. I mean, just still loves
as much as my animals and stuff like this. Couple of things.
Yeah, same. You get Right. Right. Okay. Thank you. You know, I can dig
everything. I uh, it throws you next to this bolt.
Just that. Let's just put it in the same component. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Mm Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm. Mm
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm. Mm
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm
But it's a different person, or if you are in the case,
please send out to me. All selected. Yeah.
So, my point is that,
It's good. And the whole process is not,
And being sure I'm already on the wall because it's having a little bit
of a, And I think we're getting here this way.
You've got to do it down on the ground or something like that.
You know, understanding how,
umm, umm,
umm, umm, umm, umm, umm, umm, umm, umm, umm, umm, umm, umm, umm, umm,
umm,
umm, umm, umm, umm, umm,
I've been saying black salt or that's what I've just seen. 54 years dont
know if its content right now. Like,
so you have to look from what's here, they got a leech and then,
you know, I think I'm gonna have to bring the lead days to my
seventh night, uh, ass, play, and look, and really hear us,
you know.
Yes, there is no bad plan to change it.
Then I brought them all to us to take a walk.
Man, I know that a hell of a time, Travis. I'm not used by
a virus, excuse me. I don't care. I need you to, like,
damage the player to me. I don't even care if we have to ask
them all if they're innocent and you don't care. Pick a ball,
you can't even use a purpose very much.
You don't get a back hand for that,
but yeah, you don't flick. Yeah,
so it goes, you know. My thing's been rolling.
That's a- I did it when I
was younger and then I got here and then I don't have any- I
got my family out here and I didn't have a lot of friends while
I didn't work here, so I joined the league,
and I saw that team, and I saw that on another team.
And I noticed I was having the best. Oh, there they go.
See, I mean, sorry about the second one here, too.
Uh, and then I ended up summoning the second one here.
Uh, both of my parents said,
go get the 500 horsepower car.
I don't care. Just don't have a motorcycle.
Oh, well that's, I've had a drive-in for a drive-in on a,
I've ridden both. I've had that certainly. Yeah,
I ride a little 250 on the wheel.
Nice. Single track. Uhh,
I'm a p****, so I ride an accident double track,
or, for a certain surroundings I'm gonna be able to single track.
That's not picking up. Yeah, I did single track.
I found one house. I'm gonna be used to the amount of time.
I was back when I moved to the shop. And that was a while
later. I don't know. And then I'll turn up Peter and I'll be able
to see him trying to have him in the morning. And then I'll survive.
And then I'll be to see him and then I'll work out on
the next few things in early twenties.
So, now it's- Thank bye.
Now it's over the dance floor. It's not any bowling.
I don't really feel the dance. I'll say it along with you.
I mean, I think that was the business I was just starting to- I
get my thirties all the way up.
I mean, I still have to raise bicycles for all from college.
I'll let you know. All right.
I got. And,
thank you for that. Yeah. Well, in, like, all I mean,
I guess, all I need to But when I'm holding up my
majority of my friends and majority of people I hold up my parents' age,
it's solid. Love you. I'm like, being out with a bunch of old people
I'm like, I've got school so I can't even have them in the habit
of time and then I don't blame the day. Bye. My teammates,
I've got a picture of my teammates in there,
uh, when we go to Vegas every year,
can. Yeah. And, uh, and they're always okay.
And you're so awesome. I think it's the end.
Okay. Look that. Look at that.
I think I need help. I have to connect.
I need some. That's my wife's. No.
I'm not. I'll see you.
You guys tomorrow. Alright, I'm gonna live on that note.
Uh,
I'm gonna talk a little bit about this field job. Bye bye.
Okay. Thank you.

cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14-0
<v Ricky Horton>No.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15-0
<v Ricky Horton>Restart. Oh, wait a minute.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16-0
<v Ricky Horton>Good.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23-0
<v Ricky Horton>3.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm what they call trouble. Yeah, right.
Move around the program. Yeah, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35-1
<v Ricky Horton>I've been doing it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36-0
<v Ricky Horton>Sometimes I'm trouble with that.
I know what I'm talking about.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'm treating like that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37-0
<v Ricky Horton>But yeah,
I've been working here since 2018,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37-1
<v Ricky Horton>so actually five days later than my
seven-year anniversary.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well, seven day anniversary. Yeah. Hey,
that's very something. Yeah, you do. So.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I was done.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40-0
<v Ricky Horton>I was an assistant project coordinator
and we were working in task role and then</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40-1
<v Ricky Horton>I became the project coordinator and then
I became lead project coordinator.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40-2
<v Ricky Horton>Now I'm a shop project engineer, so cool.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41-0
<v Ricky Horton>And Jeremy, that's for sure.
I feel like I've almost been in every</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41-1
<v Ricky Horton>single office on the property.
I'd rather do anything than get anywhere</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41-2
<v Ricky Horton>near project management. Yeah,
that's my main thing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well,
it's kind of looking like they're going</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42-1
<v Ricky Horton>to turn me into the tech,
so it looks like it it should be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42-2
<v Ricky Horton>I'll be implementing that. So yeah, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43-0
<v Ricky Horton>Good morning. Good morning.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44-0
<v Ricky Horton>Uh.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45-0
<v Ricky Horton>Hit the ground running this morning.
Got my worm 3:30 and I've got my copy and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'm ready to go. Yep, I'm update.
Now I'm just doing a Microsoft update</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45-2
<v Ricky Horton>just to make sure my computer isn't.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47-0
<v Ricky Horton>Isn't the issue in between.
So would you have a try and see if you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47-1
<v Ricky Horton>can crash again? I tried. Yeah, I've been.
I've been in the office since 12:00 this</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47-2
<v Ricky Horton>morning and we haven't kept the hell on.
It's been there really nothing but love</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47-3
<v Ricky Horton>that, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/52-0
<v Ricky Horton>Move the speed and move it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/61-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's all right. Today she feels smaller.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/77-0
<v Ricky Horton>Update went good.
We got the new database for the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/77-1
<v Ricky Horton>electrical, so we need that set up and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/104-0
<v Ricky Horton>Are there people who come here?
So I think Jarrod's going to be in.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/104-1
<v Ricky Horton>He's going to be in.
So they'll guess also I just had to take</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/104-2
<v Ricky Horton>you back and then take you down with it
so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/127-0
<v Ricky Horton>My guess is once we get at least the
baseline,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/127-1
<v Ricky Horton>what they're expecting established,
I'll work from home once or twice next</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/127-2
<v Ricky Horton>week and sit in my home office and plug
the air for, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/131-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK, I don't wanna have to work.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/179-0
<v Ricky Horton>It'll be interesting, yeah,
but depends on what their expectations</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/179-1
<v Ricky Horton>are.
Hopefully they're reasonable expectations</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/179-2
<v Ricky Horton>on ones that are outside of the yeah,
the available of what we can do. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/179-3
<v Ricky Horton>but but I manage it's probably something
similar to what I've been doing and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/179-4
<v Ricky Horton>requisitions for.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/201-0
<v Ricky Horton>For nesting wire,
I'm gonna have us add wire sizes and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/201-1
<v Ricky Horton>gauges in there and and we'll just keep
those in the same where your metric is is</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/201-2
<v Ricky Horton>the round bar.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/231-0
<v Ricky Horton>5 minutes. That's where it'll get.
Interesting. You'll have to put it in.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/231-1
<v Ricky Horton>The wire is what like however many feet
that you actually buy in the school or</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/231-2
<v Ricky Horton>whatever it is, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/244-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's even even like we can buy all the
way up to 30,000 foot schools. Yeah, but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/282-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
we'll see what see what it comes to when</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/282-1
<v Ricky Horton>we get to that. And then yeah,
Alan's gonna kick up shot packages this</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/282-2
<v Ricky Horton>morning.
So he's just gonna listen from in there</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/282-3
<v Ricky Horton>until until we get back in here and then
looks like for our agenda today.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/289-0
<v Ricky Horton>This integration found everything
blasting and then electrical.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/292-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then I think that's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/334-0
<v Ricky Horton>There's some white topics that that we
can burn through really quick.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/334-1
<v Ricky Horton>So we can take a look at the production
and we'll look at our routes,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/334-2
<v Ricky Horton>see if there's any adjustment they should
make,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/334-3
<v Ricky Horton>make sure that they have the rest of the
route set up, the coding's added and then.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/338-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think we can still drop the road back
till you run.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/374-0
<v Ricky Horton>I don't, I don't feel, I mean,
you tell me what you think.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/374-1
<v Ricky Horton>I don't feel good at all about the
estimating time,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/374-2
<v Ricky Horton>estimating labor and maybe the total
labor is coming out right. I don't know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/374-3
<v Ricky Horton>but it seems like that's what is being
used, but the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/397-0
<v Ricky Horton>I don't know if that's maybe that's
something we we could always give back to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/397-1
<v Ricky Horton>or like, OK, yeah,
we need something else to do that's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/440-0
<v Ricky Horton>There is focus. I'm here for it. Honestly,
I do know that they're going to keep</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/440-1
<v Ricky Horton>pushing for us to have a higher
percentage,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/440-2
<v Ricky Horton>even though everything's been adjusted
for 75%. We've never really tweaked that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/440-3
<v Ricky Horton>We're going to change the settings,
but on the default estimates started.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/450-0
<v Ricky Horton>98% and then the estimator can adjust
down or up. Yeah, and then uh,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/450-1
<v Ricky Horton>kind of tweak our numbers so that they're.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/457-0
<v Ricky Horton>That we can, we can ask what people feel,
but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/461-0
<v Ricky Horton>Are we going in the schedule at all?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/489-0
<v Ricky Horton>Mark didn't want us to touch screen until
he could be in here. OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/489-1
<v Ricky Horton>it's the last day ended on it. Yeah,
so tomorrow will be in here full and is</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/489-2
<v Ricky Horton>there anyone that at least.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/526-0
<v Ricky Horton>I feel like I've got a comfortable grasp
on everything. So yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/526-1
<v Ricky Horton>not much benefit on my side,
but for him and doing future production</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/526-2
<v Ricky Horton>planning. Mm-hmm.
I know he's gonna wanna in there and try</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/526-3
<v Ricky Horton>to forecast some things. OK, so that was.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/560-0
<v Ricky Horton>And I haven't really touched any of the
future forecasting.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/560-1
<v Ricky Horton>So that'll be definitely a little bit of
a refresher for me just reading what they</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/560-2
<v Ricky Horton>have and I released them somewhere now.
So but you're using the project schedule.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/592-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.
Are you talking about using it in the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/592-1
<v Ricky Horton>production plan? Yeah,
the production planner and the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/592-2
<v Ricky Horton>So I've used the work packages and added
work packages into our production planner.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/592-3
<v Ricky Horton>Yep, done that. We haven't really.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/615-0
<v Ricky Horton>Full scale,
not really like using the production</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/615-1
<v Ricky Horton>binder. Yeah, essentially.
So steps to using the production binder</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/615-2
<v Ricky Horton>in its most efficient way so that we can.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/664-0
<v Ricky Horton>Between me and Alan,
if he's gonna keep releasing the packages</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/664-1
<v Ricky Horton>and he is the shop project engineer, yeah,
I should at least be scheduling them out</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/664-2
<v Ricky Horton>so that we have some idea of what we have
to release work. Yeah, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/664-3
<v Ricky Horton>I know we'll keep our own Microsoft
project schedule on the side and need to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/664-4
<v Ricky Horton>forecast everything.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/696-0
<v Ricky Horton>Multiple different platforms,
but I know that our channel goal is to be</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/696-1
<v Ricky Horton>there. So,
so if we can get it there and we can</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/696-2
<v Ricky Horton>justify that, it's just insufficient. Yep,
Yep, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/705-0
<v Ricky Horton>But so just in kind of like Nathan,
thank you for that in the spirit business.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/728-0
<v Ricky Horton>Said it might be 80 degrees today.
Almost 15 degrees above normal.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/728-1
<v Ricky Horton>Now I'm sweating. Gotta go to Lincoln.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/733-0
<v Ricky Horton>I have a gym bag in my car and then I'm
switching a new T-shirt.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/770-0
<v Ricky Horton>There's like the story going on, you know,
by 2050, Phoenix would be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/770-1
<v Ricky Horton>It could be so hot, right?
I don't want that temperature.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/770-2
<v Ricky Horton>It's the hottest. I mean, I remember 123,
I think.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/770-3
<v Ricky Horton>I remember it was once said a couple
years ago.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/773-0
<v Ricky Horton>And that's revenue down here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/789-0
<v Ricky Horton>So I have summers on record now as being
the one that is great once in downtown</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/789-1
<v Ricky Horton>Phoenix. It was proven.
I've been there for eight years, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/811-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, yeah. In summary it's hard,
especially with our iPads and stuff,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/811-1
<v Ricky Horton>like crazy.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/844-0
<v Ricky Horton>When do the guys paint?
I mean the paint just flash that. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/844-1
<v Ricky Horton>it depends.
We probably have to keep it in ice</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/844-2
<v Ricky Horton>buckets when they try and paint and shade.
They use that internal area quite a bit</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/844-3
<v Ricky Horton>and then once things dry out to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/866-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then they move things out and then a
lot double handling,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/866-1
<v Ricky Horton>trying to start slow down so that they
can,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/866-2
<v Ricky Horton>they can get all their stuff down the
universe as much as possible.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/877-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
my goal is to live in Durango in the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/877-1
<v Ricky Horton>summers.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/890-0
<v Ricky Horton>It needs to be honorable by the time my
house is paid out.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/907-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think I have to do something eventually
about water. Yeah, oh,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/907-1
<v Ricky Horton>that was already making me regret having
to use water.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/922-0
<v Ricky Horton>That was, uh,
this has been my favorite part of being a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/922-1
<v Ricky Horton>new homeowner.
They charge me more for water treatment</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/922-2
<v Ricky Horton>than we have for water.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/926-0
<v Ricky Horton>But that's a joy to living out in the
sticks.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/931-0
<v Ricky Horton>I can help me on the Internet too.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/957-0
<v Ricky Horton>Where you live? Oh, OK,
so who else take me to get here?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/957-1
<v Ricky Horton>Depends on what time.
This one only took me about 40 minutes to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/957-2
<v Ricky Horton>get in because there wasn't anybody the
crickets on the road, but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/988-0
<v Ricky Horton>He said it's about 15 minutes in the
morning,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/988-1
<v Ricky Horton>an hour to an hour and 10 minutes at
night.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/988-2
<v Ricky Horton>Left at 6:00 last night to be about an
hour and 5 minutes. So about 30 miles,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/988-3
<v Ricky Horton>but it's all about cross streets the
whole way. Yeah, I looked up to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1009-0
<v Ricky Horton>Apartments out there,
it's definitely a little cheaper,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1009-1
<v Ricky Horton>but yeah,
I just bought a new build out there and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1009-2
<v Ricky Horton>the the builder was buying down rates,
so I got 3.7% of my house, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1012-0
<v Ricky Horton>So couldn't pass that on.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1013-0
<v Ricky Horton>Hello.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1020-0
<v Ricky Horton>So just like in my.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1021-0
<v Ricky Horton>Thank you.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1052-0
<v Ricky Horton>Look at that latest release version 2035
by SP2. I just noticed that. No,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1052-1
<v Ricky Horton>I wasn't that early this morning when I
was logged in and said I'm assuming that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1071-0
<v Ricky Horton>That patch is all edited,
but so that's what. Yeah, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1071-1
<v Ricky Horton>Keith sent out an e-mail this morning and
it is SP1 patch dates.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1073-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yes, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1086-0
<v Ricky Horton>But I haven't had any issues that may
have been running, um, inspection test.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1093-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm looking forward. Bam. Beautiful. Yeah.
And to that, we will see looking forward.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1128-0
<v Ricky Horton>All right. Well,
what's what's kind of weird about all</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1128-1
<v Ricky Horton>that is if at a different shop every week,
right. So, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1128-2
<v Ricky Horton>what's so weird is I'm in one place that
you run just very like last week we were</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1128-3
<v Ricky Horton>running the toy group on the highest of
York. And then we'll go to the next place.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1130-0
<v Ricky Horton>So weird.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1168-0
<v Ricky Horton>We've seen that worse luck when it comes
to hygiene stuff.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1168-1
<v Ricky Horton>It is the uphill battle every time,
but that's right. Eventually,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1168-2
<v Ricky Horton>it sounds like they're going to be doing
a whole new service stacks and they're</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1168-3
<v Ricky Horton>paying the company to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1206-0
<v Ricky Horton>Completely redo our servers. Oh wow.
And this Keith is our original IT guy.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1206-1
<v Ricky Horton>He built everything that's gone on around
here. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1206-2
<v Ricky Horton>and that whole service stack himself.
And then now he's like, all right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1240-0
<v Ricky Horton>Y'all this. Yeah.
We're long grown now and we have so many</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1240-1
<v Ricky Horton>different companies that you're trying to
tie together. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1240-2
<v Ricky Horton>You need to pay somebody who knows how to
tie these together. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1240-3
<v Ricky Horton>So is it gonna be?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1273-0
<v Ricky Horton>On Premise server, OK, yeah,
we'll have the the server on on premise.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1273-1
<v Ricky Horton>It'll be the same area in the main office
where the current one is. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1273-2
<v Ricky Horton>it'll just be a whole lot more beefy or
the server.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1299-0
<v Ricky Horton>Something that wasn't Frankenstein
together over five years,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1299-1
<v Ricky Horton>then that's gonna be looking at it for
sure or something like, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1299-2
<v Ricky Horton>off site that those can be fun to dial in
and get this work itself.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1299-3
<v Ricky Horton>It's it's always slow when we first get
that route.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1301-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1302-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1327-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK,
so Vista integration discussion actually</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1327-1
<v Ricky Horton>is here to do this quick to and then well
we talked about this the a couple of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1327-2
<v Ricky Horton>times is it?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1336-0
<v Ricky Horton>Orth integrating,
I guess is the right question. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1336-1
<v Ricky Horton>that's the main thing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1347-0
<v Ricky Horton>Really.
The the hardware is really gonna listen</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1347-1
<v Ricky Horton>to what I say. Awesome. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1349-0
<v Ricky Horton>So that's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1356-0
<v Ricky Horton>I guess this will do this.
I mean to like create a meeting.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1357-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1402-0
<v Ricky Horton>I mean,
I imagine there's a lot of companies that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1402-1
<v Ricky Horton>just run a check to and that's it.
They run the whole business off of it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1402-2
<v Ricky Horton>That's, yeah,
they'll have different software for</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1402-3
<v Ricky Horton>accounting, obviously,
because this isn't an accounting software,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1402-4
<v Ricky Horton>but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1410-0
<v Ricky Horton>They don't feed it, but yeah,
this is my software feed.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1438-0
<v Ricky Horton>Part of it last time,
but I'm trying to question the reporting.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1438-1
<v Ricky Horton>They wouldn't want to give me some.
All right, so yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1438-2
<v Ricky Horton>I guess the main thing would be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1441-0
<v Ricky Horton>Which I can take notes here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1446-0
<v Ricky Horton>This is integration wise.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1474-0
<v Ricky Horton>And I know we talked about it last time
and we read quite vividly whatever</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1474-1
<v Ricky Horton>management wanted was not what we can do
regardless of the version problem.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1474-2
<v Ricky Horton>So they essentially wanted all of our
labor codes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1514-0
<v Ricky Horton>To be from estimate pushed into
production and then have our labor</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1514-1
<v Ricky Horton>exported in the time tracking way that we
do in those time tracking reports with</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1514-2
<v Ricky Horton>the labor codes associated pushed back
into this.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1544-0
<v Ricky Horton>So yeah,
because you're basically not doing the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1544-1
<v Ricky Horton>diamond in here anyways, so well,
and we do all of our time tracking in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1544-2
<v Ricky Horton>Tekla, everything that we export to Vista,
we.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1573-0
<v Ricky Horton>Export out of here in an Excel sheet that
has each employee's information,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1573-1
<v Ricky Horton>employee number,
and then whenever we set up a project,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1573-2
<v Ricky Horton>each sequence and block is actually your
face code.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1601-0
<v Ricky Horton>So 39, one thousand.
So we end up filtering our tabs down and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1601-1
<v Ricky Horton>kind of setting it out and remapping the
the sheet so that it can be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1635-0
<v Ricky Horton>But into Vista with this OK and Vista
pulls the 39,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1635-1
<v Ricky Horton>000 in the employee number and the hours
associated and imports that I guess.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1635-2
<v Ricky Horton>So actually and then you're having to do
that on your project or it's just</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1635-3
<v Ricky Horton>automatic, it's set up.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1673-0
<v Ricky Horton>We do that for every project and the
whole weekly supports and it's a week and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1673-1
<v Ricky Horton>adjust the Excel sheet and snip that took
them.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1673-2
<v Ricky Horton>So so this that you look at it in best
case scenario.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1700-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's a big buy. Yeah,
essentially like all of our favorable.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1700-1
<v Ricky Horton>We're we have that when we so
everything's slightly behind.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1700-2
<v Ricky Horton>So we have two different.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1740-0
<v Ricky Horton>Two different contracting systems.
We have the face recognition system</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1740-1
<v Ricky Horton>that's completely external entity of all
of it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1740-2
<v Ricky Horton>Each employee clocks in with their face
recognition so they're understandable</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1740-3
<v Ricky Horton>when they come in and then when they're
working on projects with you,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1740-4
<v Ricky Horton>they're also duplicating those hours.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1762-0
<v Ricky Horton>Into Tekla so that this one will go to
our project schedule.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1762-1
<v Ricky Horton>You can see that's where the hours come
back in here. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1762-2
<v Ricky Horton>hours come back against the project.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1787-0
<v Ricky Horton>And you know percent complete versus
hours used as we're going along.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1787-1
<v Ricky Horton>This is what we reviewed in our Thursday
meetings updating the engine and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1787-2
<v Ricky Horton>production. So we'll see if we have.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1805-0
<v Ricky Horton>You know about production stations or
trying to talk about production stations</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1805-1
<v Ricky Horton>or the contracting.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1812-0
<v Ricky Horton>Need to start running tracking one. OK,
cool. Is there a daily labor report?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1813-0
<v Ricky Horton>Um.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1816-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yes and no.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1850-0
<v Ricky Horton>I don't know if there's a specific report
that you can pull across all projects</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1850-1
<v Ricky Horton>because it's project management side and
project management side doesn't have</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1850-2
<v Ricky Horton>reports that pull across every single
project management job, but each day.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1885-0
<v Ricky Horton>I get an e-mail from the shop lead that
is basically a recap from the previous</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1885-1
<v Ricky Horton>day of hours used. What increased?
What increased if we're a negative trend?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1919-0
<v Ricky Horton>With hours versus percent completes and
so on and so forth.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1919-1
<v Ricky Horton>So I get this report daily me and Mark
get it so that we can start getting ahead</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1919-2
<v Ricky Horton>of it.
And then this is this is our weekly sheet</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1919-3
<v Ricky Horton>that we review.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1959-0
<v Ricky Horton>And go around Fridays,
which is essentially the snapshots of the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1959-1
<v Ricky Horton>production schedules that are in each
project sequence and associated just to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1959-2
<v Ricky Horton>review what's been used,
where where our percentages are at. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1959-3
<v Ricky Horton>I get that when you're evaluating
projects, but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1991-0
<v Ricky Horton>On the accounting side, you've always,
I've always used to being able to look at</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1991-1
<v Ricky Horton>daily labor period. Forget which job.
Yeah, I mean,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/1991-2
<v Ricky Horton>I can go into the time track in module 35
or during over hours and we can fold.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2009-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well, I wasn't interviewed each day,
I guess. So being that probably is,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2009-1
<v Ricky Horton>I know what you're talking about.
Do you track productive labour versus</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2009-2
<v Ricky Horton>unproductive labour?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2043-0
<v Ricky Horton>With direct versus indirect,
I guess is a better way to say it like</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2043-1
<v Ricky Horton>yes,
we do have an indirect project to be here</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2043-2
<v Ricky Horton>where guys can apply their times that are
on indirect which would be our 1200.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2043-3
<v Ricky Horton>This is all anything entered towards this
project.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2066-0
<v Ricky Horton>Project it was the indirect costs,
but most of the time the solution saw the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2066-1
<v Ricky Horton>rest if we were using this.
So most of the time all of our times</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2066-2
<v Ricky Horton>allocated the projects.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2068-0
<v Ricky Horton>So on you.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2077-0
<v Ricky Horton>Time tracking summary I can pull.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2078-0
<v Ricky Horton>Sure.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2080-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yesterday it stayed.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2087-0
<v Ricky Horton>And this will give me a summary of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2118-0
<v Ricky Horton>All the labor that was entered yesterday.
So there's a couple of guys.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2118-1
<v Ricky Horton>I think this one needs to be adjusted.
There's no way in hell somebody yesterday</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2118-2
<v Ricky Horton>did 37.25 dollars on.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2150-0
<v Ricky Horton>Project 21 day.
So this would be where Ramon or TJ goes</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2150-1
<v Ricky Horton>in and goes, excuse me,
what employee versus this and why in the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2150-2
<v Ricky Horton>world is this displaying? Productive.
Good. So yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2183-0
<v Ricky Horton>But yeah, this is,
this is probably the best,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2183-1
<v Ricky Horton>best area for this.
So and then and what you're telling me is</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2183-2
<v Ricky Horton>each line item is a person or it's really
the summation of multiple people in that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2183-3
<v Ricky Horton>job.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2205-0
<v Ricky Horton>This is our entire shots yesterday, right?
So, so yesterday somebody,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2205-1
<v Ricky Horton>some group of people wanted.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2212-0
<v Ricky Horton>You know,
charge 37 hours to indirect job 1200 year.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2237-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yes,
and we end up going to here and they</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2237-1
<v Ricky Horton>worked in the shipping receiving
department. Uh,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2237-2
<v Ricky Horton>this does not you should be receiving.
So why they?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2237-3
<v Ricky Horton>Why are they wanting to the handling?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2289-0
<v Ricky Horton>Because shipping and receiving does not
handle our material for us.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2289-1
<v Ricky Horton>They often trust. That's it.
If it requires to be moved around the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2289-2
<v Ricky Horton>shop or pulled out of the shop or station
in the front because it's completed or</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2289-3
<v Ricky Horton>needs to go from the station to Weld
station, all of that is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2293-0
<v Ricky Horton>Handling by a shot of police. Yeah,
so we essentially.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2297-0
<v Ricky Horton>The majority of our projects have.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2331-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well handling the cuts on burn each of
these burn cuts on fit up and well all</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2331-1
<v Ricky Horton>types of station.
So those give percent complete mark offs</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2331-2
<v Ricky Horton>as they go through the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2361-0
<v Ricky Horton>Mark up to piece tracking and uh and fit
up some types of inspections that's uh is</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2361-1
<v Ricky Horton>tied to our cut list.
Bird is tied to the cut list as well and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2361-2
<v Ricky Horton>then well it is a.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2364-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well, inspection shot, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2366-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's that's what we got there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2367-0
<v Ricky Horton>But.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2368-0
<v Ricky Horton>No.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2397-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well,
that exports out of using that payroll as</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2397-1
<v Ricky Horton>well. Yeah, cool. So working. Yeah.
What do you like? What do you don't like?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2397-2
<v Ricky Horton>I guess the biggest thing that they
they're they're trying to automate</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2397-3
<v Ricky Horton>everything.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2436-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think that that was their intentional
goal with the Vista integration is to not</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2436-1
<v Ricky Horton>have us pulling Excel sheets,
modifying them so that they can be</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2436-2
<v Ricky Horton>affordable and and then having that extra
step.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2473-0
<v Ricky Horton>But I'm pretty sure from what the Vista
integration is,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2473-1
<v Ricky Horton>is the invoice out from a purchase orders
standpoint all on the purchasing side</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2473-2
<v Ricky Horton>there.
So and that I mean for purchasing</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2473-3
<v Ricky Horton>stealing here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2505-0
<v Ricky Horton>And that's pretty much the extent of it
with the exception of a few sub</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2505-1
<v Ricky Horton>fabrication EOS that I put together.
And so,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2505-2
<v Ricky Horton>so with that I I don't really see because
I'm sure with the Vista with purchasing</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2505-3
<v Ricky Horton>that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2538-0
<v Ricky Horton>Module.
There's money associated with that,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2538-1
<v Ricky Horton>but it's not going to eliminate us time
to do double work.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2538-2
<v Ricky Horton>So we're gonna spend money instantly,
the double work. So it just doesn't.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2538-3
<v Ricky Horton>It doesn't seem like a good investment.
Yeah, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2546-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, that's I I'll say this.
I don't see them ever.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2572-0
<v Ricky Horton>Pulling the contracting and automatic and
the only reason I say is because so many</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2572-1
<v Ricky Horton>do not be the contracting so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2577-0
<v Ricky Horton>Their thought was probably my last.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2606-0
<v Ricky Horton>Um, all the times that are spent. So yeah,
I wouldn't count.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2606-1
<v Ricky Horton>So why do people not try to care time?
The interface is a little clunky on the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2606-2
<v Ricky Horton>for the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2647-0
<v Ricky Horton>The contract and so things and a lot of
people are using a a payroll software to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2647-1
<v Ricky Horton>their their contract in order to do that
rather than any. So yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2647-2
<v Ricky Horton>which definitely makes sense because I
would definitely agree with that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2647-3
<v Ricky Horton>statement. I mean if we go into.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2684-0
<v Ricky Horton>For time tracking and you do the time
tracking input like if we go in here and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2684-1
<v Ricky Horton>it's easier to see on the EPM go,
but like the notes section,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2684-2
<v Ricky Horton>there's so many random notes in there and
you can't hardly believe them.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2684-3
<v Ricky Horton>It just stayed in there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2719-0
<v Ricky Horton>And it's it's and usually it's one letter,
enter back into it, one letter,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2719-1
<v Ricky Horton>enter back into it, one letter,
enter back into one letter.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2719-2
<v Ricky Horton>So it takes you 5 to 10 minutes to put an
entry in.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2743-0
<v Ricky Horton>So a lot of the guys will track it on the
sheet, give it to her, Nolan,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2743-1
<v Ricky Horton>they'll enter it in about 5 minutes here
and it's done. So,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2743-2
<v Ricky Horton>so many people want really good time
tracking in here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2776-0
<v Ricky Horton>And this this is functional,
so it's not there. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2776-1
<v Ricky Horton>and we're definitely using it,
but I've actually considered like like my</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2776-2
<v Ricky Horton>my son has a master's in data science and
so I'm actually considered.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2805-0
<v Ricky Horton>Paying him to do a better interface with
with some more controls and stuff around.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2805-1
<v Ricky Horton>So if I were able to get there,
I'd experiment you since you're new to it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2805-2
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
that would be that would be pretty</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2805-3
<v Ricky Horton>awesome, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2840-0
<v Ricky Horton>So what system of time captured in
currently times captured in here tracking</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2840-1
<v Ricky Horton>is production exported out and and then
verified against our facial recognition</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2840-2
<v Ricky Horton>system that we have in the shop we
compare.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2880-0
<v Ricky Horton>The numbers to the numbers to make sure
that they all match and then and then we</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2880-1
<v Ricky Horton>submitted the actual Excel sheet from
this from tech blog to EW.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2880-2
<v Ricky Horton>So our facial recognition was installed
when we used to have QuickBooks and it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2880-3
<v Ricky Horton>was using the same.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2928-0
<v Ricky Horton>We would just clock in with their face
and clock out with their face and then</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2928-1
<v Ricky Horton>we'll just send it.
But that way you give us the project</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2928-2
<v Ricky Horton>breaking up and what they're working on.
This gives us the ability to know what</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2928-3
<v Ricky Horton>project they're working on,
detailed environment with the final</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2928-4
<v Ricky Horton>projects that day.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2970-0
<v Ricky Horton>And the time is actually divided up
between 5:00 versus.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2970-1
<v Ricky Horton>That's why you use both.
I mean there's one to figure out which</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2970-2
<v Ricky Horton>projects they worked on during the day
and the other one just to try. Yep,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2970-3
<v Ricky Horton>pretty much.
One's the in and out and one's the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2990-0
<v Ricky Horton>Because the guy puts in his face, phone,
whatever you want to do it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/2990-1
<v Ricky Horton>Job X workstate, you know, workstation Y.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3015-0
<v Ricky Horton>And he may work five jobs a day,
but it's all system.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3015-1
<v Ricky Horton>It seems probably that it's very, well,
this one,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3015-2
<v Ricky Horton>and this one actually do it all in one,
like he wanted the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3015-3
<v Ricky Horton>I'm trying to correct me if I'm wrong,
but the facial thing that that was the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3015-4
<v Ricky Horton>thing from.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3044-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, right.
Make sure some people were actually</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3044-1
<v Ricky Horton>working. Yeah,
the same people were actually working.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3044-2
<v Ricky Horton>It does auto-temp checks and but even
then it was a.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3086-0
<v Ricky Horton>Making sure you're coming in at the right
time and then documenting with somebody's</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3086-1
<v Ricky Horton>over 5 minutes late kind of thing cause
in here you can go in there and say you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3086-2
<v Ricky Horton>started at 4:00 in the morning and if you
know he was there to verify that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3139-0
<v Ricky Horton>But if you have to put your face in front
of the monitor and it takes a picture of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3139-1
<v Ricky Horton>you and you get in,
then then you're held more accountable.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3139-2
<v Ricky Horton>So yeah,
it goes together with the way it's like</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3139-3
<v Ricky Horton>where they do what it's like and they're
only talking to the phone. Yeah, so, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3139-4
<v Ricky Horton>And that's the other side of us using
this.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3173-0
<v Ricky Horton>And that in the morning they walk by,
catches their pace,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3173-1
<v Ricky Horton>they can go off to the floor,
start working and then they have their</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3173-2
<v Ricky Horton>iPads on their cell phones and they can
instantly right there update on this next</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3173-3
<v Ricky Horton>project. I'm talking on this one,
this one.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3200-0
<v Ricky Horton>So I'll tell you what,
I would want to try to automate for the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3200-1
<v Ricky Horton>the reporting. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And that's something I also look into as</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3200-2
<v Ricky Horton>well.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3202-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3253-0
<v Ricky Horton>And setting it up for for just Monday's
each week.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3253-1
<v Ricky Horton>The problem I ran into that would be I'm
getting a call from the shop manager. Hey,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3253-2
<v Ricky Horton>I am coming to your time for Friday. Yes,
I need you to hold off on it and then I</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3253-3
<v Ricky Horton>got a report exported out to five people
on like.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3280-0
<v Ricky Horton>Hold on this. Yeah,
this needs to be addressed for if</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3280-1
<v Ricky Horton>somebody decided to put 36 in there
instead of three or six. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3280-2
<v Ricky Horton>so and but I think that that could be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3314-0
<v Ricky Horton>And I say automated reformat it so you
don't have to change it once you crap</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3314-1
<v Ricky Horton>your format the the spreadsheet or to get
it in. Oh yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3314-2
<v Ricky Horton>there'd be there'd be a way to get an
album the right format that you need it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3314-3
<v Ricky Horton>to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3363-0
<v Ricky Horton>Custom export that would be that would be
definitely the the other beneficial side</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3363-1
<v Ricky Horton>is not going to pull a bunch of columns
out there not to what we need if you want</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3363-2
<v Ricky Horton>to look into that I've got.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3387-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'll give you names of some people that
can do that. OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3387-1
<v Ricky Horton>Doesn't look like first reports kind of
the rules. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3387-2
<v Ricky Horton>How much time does that take you?
Doing the time for us, right? 5 minutes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3415-0
<v Ricky Horton>Per day on Monday, one day a week,
one day a week. Yeah, that's all. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3415-1
<v Ricky Horton>So that's that's been the biggest thing
is we haven't done too many like custom</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3415-2
<v Ricky Horton>reports in here because Crystal reports
gonna get.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3466-0
<v Ricky Horton>They can get spending.
You got a lot of different things that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3466-1
<v Ricky Horton>you want.
Maybe you want to get changed and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3466-2
<v Ricky Horton>adjusted around.
So are you the only one that does it or</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3466-3
<v Ricky Horton>reserve when you're on vacation?
Somebody else does it. No,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3466-4
<v Ricky Horton>there's other people that can do it.
You shop.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3505-0
<v Ricky Horton>One of the shop leads remote because the
time tracking emails that he sends out,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3505-1
<v Ricky Horton>he can do the exports.
Mark can do the exports as well.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3505-2
<v Ricky Horton>You can just do the the fab guy or
somebody else does the paint guys.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3505-3
<v Ricky Horton>Paint guys don't use this system
whatsoever.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3537-0
<v Ricky Horton>They are.
They've been very anti system for a long</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3537-1
<v Ricky Horton>time and now we are pushing heavily for
them to use it and with Moe being the the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3537-2
<v Ricky Horton>leader of buildings at this point,
he's very on board with it, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3554-0
<v Ricky Horton>Um,
we're taking full advantage of having an</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3554-1
<v Ricky Horton>advocate on the side. So they say both.
Yeah. Yeah, it's definitely, uh.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3557-0
<v Ricky Horton>This definitely came a long way, me and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3577-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK.
So I guess if this was talk through</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3577-1
<v Ricky Horton>business integration,
what we can do as well integration</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3577-2
<v Ricky Horton>basically, let me see if we can find.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3584-0
<v Ricky Horton>So this is what she got.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3600-0
<v Ricky Horton>So I am trying to add a heat member and
obviously attach and be document to it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3600-1
<v Ricky Horton>like an MTR. Oh also didn't heat.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3637-0
<v Ricky Horton>All directors understand.
This is something that needs that there</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3637-1
<v Ricky Horton>you can set that globally.
This is something about how it came over.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3637-2
<v Ricky Horton>It's like you got to get this globally.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3643-0
<v Ricky Horton>Finally got it this year,
so you need to set that up locally.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3649-0
<v Ricky Horton>So we can see the preset matrix.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3670-0
<v Ricky Horton>You can set that up right there and it
just goes out everybody rather than the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3670-1
<v Ricky Horton>individual setting.
There's there's no reason it should be an</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3670-2
<v Ricky Horton>individual setting.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3685-0
<v Ricky Horton>So yeah,
as long as everybody has a hard drive map</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3685-1
<v Ricky Horton>map, you know, Yeah, now.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3728-0
<v Ricky Horton>Pretty much everybody should have on our
map that's in temporary.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3728-1
<v Ricky Horton>Do you not have any customer reports?
Because right now there's no place for</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3728-2
<v Ricky Horton>customer reports. OK, I like the log, Sir.
We may talk about this last time.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3736-0
<v Ricky Horton>Reason I like that is because when you
when you do an import.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3786-0
<v Ricky Horton>Everybody knows exactly where to go to
see the law.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3786-1
<v Ricky Horton>So like even project managers were like,
OK, something happened on the job,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3786-2
<v Ricky Horton>on the import. What was it?
Or was it regissions that I needed to go</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3786-3
<v Ricky Horton>change or they could actually go to the
log and pull it up?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3819-0
<v Ricky Horton>Without having to get your computer full
on your log apparently. But yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3819-1
<v Ricky Horton>you said that it added at the bottom,
but then it's everybody used to say by</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3819-2
<v Ricky Horton>default everybody's going to have the
check box set for default up there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3833-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK,
so now I'm gonna try and see if see if it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3833-1
<v Ricky Horton>also lets me do that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3841-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
I'm definitely not opposed to putting all</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3841-1
<v Ricky Horton>of that on the server.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3859-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I'll get the key.
Would anybody else here ever be be</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3859-1
<v Ricky Horton>wanting to buy or customize the report
beside you?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3882-0
<v Ricky Horton>Because they'll be able to customize it.
They'll just be customizing the the end</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3882-1
<v Ricky Horton>report and next time you get an update,
they'll override it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3915-0
<v Ricky Horton>Probably not. Probably. If anything,
I'll get the request and then I'll do it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3915-1
<v Ricky Horton>So we try to do some modifications for
our shop traveler,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3915-2
<v Ricky Horton>but that's using fully Indian Go,
moving with paper documentation anyways,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3915-3
<v Ricky Horton>so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3929-0
<v Ricky Horton>Not at this point, yeah,
but if you didn't just set that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3935-0
<v Ricky Horton>Get a fold roll so we can set that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3937-0
<v Ricky Horton>That makes it. Yep. Cool.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3976-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think I've been looking for that for a
long, not a meeting with you,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3976-1
<v Ricky Horton>but finally last year I called them up
and I'm like, we're having a meeting,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3976-2
<v Ricky Horton>like I'm sure if I fight this because
everywhere I have been, people are like,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3976-3
<v Ricky Horton>well,
I've looked at the journal and I'm going</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/3976-4
<v Ricky Horton>to see the journal.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4002-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
I've had a few times that I've had</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4002-1
<v Ricky Horton>whenever a new union start. Yeah,
they reach out and send me something</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4002-2
<v Ricky Horton>who's not right here. Mm-hmm.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4015-0
<v Ricky Horton>Just check over here,
send him a screenshot of this.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4015-1
<v Ricky Horton>Make sure it's that you got it next still.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4032-0
<v Ricky Horton>No, it's definitely useful. Yeah,
but that's that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4032-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'll make the adjustments so that
everything's on the server,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4032-2
<v Ricky Horton>'cause that would be that would be like
better. So yeah, OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4052-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's what I was looking for base code.
So this is their new massive governing</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4052-1
<v Ricky Horton>base code guide.
What's most important we have is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4057-0
<v Ricky Horton>39 all the way.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4059-0
<v Ricky Horton>So.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4083-0
<v Ricky Horton>This is kind of a structure that they
want us to use for these buildings.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4083-1
<v Ricky Horton>So we located 39 rejection this time will
be 391000.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4093-0
<v Ricky Horton>Which is a typical,
it's longer than 39 and for company 40.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4121-0
<v Ricky Horton>So Company 40,
Division 39 and then the activity levels</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4121-1
<v Ricky Horton>is where they break it out for.
So each so 39 is fab. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4121-2
<v Ricky Horton>39 is anything we do with the structural
production. Got it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4123-0
<v Ricky Horton>So and then.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4150-0
<v Ricky Horton>Or electrical civil.
Each one has their own has their own</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4150-1
<v Ricky Horton>thing,
so so everybody is 40 then beyond that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4150-2
<v Ricky Horton>base codes associated with each trade and
area of work.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4189-0
<v Ricky Horton>Or what?
So if this fit goes all the way through</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4189-1
<v Ricky Horton>low, yeah.
So if you were to look at company,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4189-2
<v Ricky Horton>whatever,
you would see very same consistency for</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4189-3
<v Ricky Horton>the shop and Bloomfield. Yeah, yeah,
I think the same thing, to be honest,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4189-4
<v Ricky Horton>not sure much of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4219-0
<v Ricky Horton>No, I I get it. I don't either.
But I'm just curious if everything is the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4219-1
<v Ricky Horton>same. Yeah, this is the laundry,
the standard fees,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4219-2
<v Ricky Horton>the long gross supply and the so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4242-0
<v Ricky Horton>Following with your other shops,
if you're reintegrating there or or</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4242-1
<v Ricky Horton>implementing this,
they are document crap out.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4242-2
<v Ricky Horton>The the best multi shop facilities I've
seen are the ones that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4277-0
<v Ricky Horton>Document and they want to pull in here
and everybody's moving the exact same way.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4277-1
<v Ricky Horton>Don't allow them to do it differently.
Document it. Here's the procedure.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4277-2
<v Ricky Horton>Here's what we're going about.
Everybody's doing it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4277-3
<v Ricky Horton>Don't make it an option.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4309-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, otherwise it's mass chaos.
I just see it. No, you have to have it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4309-1
<v Ricky Horton>And I think one of the things here is
flow charts and descriptions for</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4309-2
<v Ricky Horton>everything. I mean, heck,
when you do an ERP upgrade if you don't</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4309-3
<v Ricky Horton>have it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4318-0
<v Ricky Horton>People think they know what it is,
but they have no idea what it is. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4318-1
<v Ricky Horton>yeah,
I learned that one hard way last year.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4327-0
<v Ricky Horton>So if you're if if you're using those 39
codes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4346-0
<v Ricky Horton>I don't see an issue like I was thinking
that we were talking about the the codes</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4346-1
<v Ricky Horton>would be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4364-0
<v Ricky Horton>A beam might be one too,
depending on how it's it's used,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4364-1
<v Ricky Horton>how what type of product it's going into,
and it might be a different one.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4407-0
<v Ricky Horton>For another type of sampling, yeah,
but I don't see those cadence here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4407-1
<v Ricky Horton>I just see fabricated steel.
So this one's,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4407-2
<v Ricky Horton>this one's most of the time are typical,
are typical face coat for labor and when</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4407-3
<v Ricky Horton>I get.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4440-0
<v Ricky Horton>Multiple sequences or multiple areas of
work. It'll be 391000.01.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4440-1
<v Ricky Horton>That's just labor. What about material?
Material is 083 thousand is usually the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4440-2
<v Ricky Horton>one that we initiate into them.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4473-0
<v Ricky Horton>So we usually take playing angles,
channels, beams, everything.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4473-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'll get slumped up into that one phase.
So, so you're telling me that, OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4473-2
<v Ricky Horton>if I have a.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4527-0
<v Ricky Horton>Piece of pipe that I use in a structural
project, it would be that 0830.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4527-1
<v Ricky Horton>But if I use a piece of pipe on a rail,
it's still it's still going to be 0830.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4527-2
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
it's most of the time they don't end up</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4527-3
<v Ricky Horton>getting into the material hammer or
breaking everything on that thoroughly.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4554-0
<v Ricky Horton>They they usually keep everything into a
structural steel bucket.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4554-1
<v Ricky Horton>The only time you will see that number
differ is if we have multiple material</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4554-2
<v Ricky Horton>buckets for areas of work on the project.
OK, so that we can make.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4594-0
<v Ricky Horton>So we can have one of the estimates
automatically give you the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4594-1
<v Ricky Horton>That's easy to do.
What I was understanding was you might</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4594-2
<v Ricky Horton>have one code which is structural,
a different code which is miscellaneous,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4594-3
<v Ricky Horton>a different code if it's something that's
right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4641-0
<v Ricky Horton>If that locates, that's more difficult.
Now you're basically going to have to say</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4641-1
<v Ricky Horton>every single line item,
what that thing's going to be for that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4641-2
<v Ricky Horton>material.
But if all materials are going to say</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4641-3
<v Ricky Horton>things good, that's easy.
We can set it up to the estimate.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4641-4
<v Ricky Horton>Just at the end of the estimate,
here's all, here's all the things.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4666-0
<v Ricky Horton>Which would be associated across.
So that's that that would be simple to do</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4666-1
<v Ricky Horton>on the back end and you can put the you
would get it on the POS as well.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4666-2
<v Ricky Horton>So it would it would be a nearly
automatic.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4670-0
<v Ricky Horton>Now your labor.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4708-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah. Yeah. And then, I mean,
even if we were,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4708-1
<v Ricky Horton>even if we put in the whole materials,
that's only 3000 and we did have one is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4742-0
<v Ricky Horton>Most of the time it's going to be that
plus whatever connotation is going to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4742-1
<v Ricky Horton>differentiate it in the area of work if
the project's at large. Outside of that,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4742-2
<v Ricky Horton>then it's then it's basically that'll be
our governing code for material.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4777-0
<v Ricky Horton>So a lot of times,
depending upon the the project engineer</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4777-1
<v Ricky Horton>and team team I'm working with for the
field project, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4777-2
<v Ricky Horton>it'll be sometimes I get that same phase
code is that I've written all the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4777-3
<v Ricky Horton>procedures for.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4794-0
<v Ricky Horton>PC forms, project release forms,
how we do the technical side of things,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4794-1
<v Ricky Horton>how we expect projects to come in and
everything and so on that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4821-0
<v Ricky Horton>Where's that information where you've
written all those procedures?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4821-1
<v Ricky Horton>Where's that?
I have to see where it's located in the R</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4821-2
<v Ricky Horton>drive at this point or in the J drive.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4825-0
<v Ricky Horton>But I have a.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4854-0
<v Ricky Horton>Will you send me a link next week or
something? Yeah, I'd like to read that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4854-1
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
I've got procedures for any procedure or</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4854-2
<v Ricky Horton>form I've created for anything that we
have in the shop.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4892-0
<v Ricky Horton>Checklists and associated.
So this is the form I created for when</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4892-1
<v Ricky Horton>somebody released the project to us using
project number, need dates, onsite date,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4892-2
<v Ricky Horton>requirements, manager, project manager,
engineer, customer.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4915-0
<v Ricky Horton>Client information, shipping address,
delivery site, who's handling it,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4915-1
<v Ricky Horton>coding specs,
whether or not the PE ordered any of the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4915-2
<v Ricky Horton>bio items or hardware.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4932-0
<v Ricky Horton>Any specific project notes that we need
if the engineer pre-ordered any of the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4932-1
<v Ricky Horton>materials and the PO is associated.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4984-0
<v Ricky Horton>And a lot of times we don't get a
breakdown.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4984-1
<v Ricky Horton>So they'll send us the face code from
what they had.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4984-2
<v Ricky Horton>So this is the change order.
So they ended up making 39,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4984-3
<v Ricky Horton>000 change order #9 and they had 63 hours
estimated.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/4984-4
<v Ricky Horton>So at this point we would then look at it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5013-0
<v Ricky Horton>And try and do our own breakdown just
based upon reviewing the prints.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5013-1
<v Ricky Horton>And then as soon as what's what I would
do before you. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5013-2
<v Ricky Horton>and I'm pretty certain this is not
estimated in that book. This was.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5048-0
<v Ricky Horton>And I think 63 hours is what we need for
that and that was just pushed through.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5048-1
<v Ricky Horton>So that is something that you know I'm
I'm curious about.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5048-2
<v Ricky Horton>So the estimate does give you that break
in,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5048-3
<v Ricky Horton>but it seems like they take the total and
they do their own work.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5072-0
<v Ricky Horton>Regardless of what I said,
does he have anything you want?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5072-1
<v Ricky Horton>So a lot of it is because I'll I'll even
modify it sometimes even on my own just</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5072-2
<v Ricky Horton>because like the burn time.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5120-0
<v Ricky Horton>It'll give us however many hours and then
I'll take those hours to look at the burn</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5120-1
<v Ricky Horton>time and I'll pull up my pro nest and
I'll take the physical laser run time and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5120-2
<v Ricky Horton>then I'll assume we have an hour per
shoot, 15 minutes for load,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5120-3
<v Ricky Horton>15 minutes for unload,
depending upon the scale of the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5158-0
<v Ricky Horton>Bars that are on there and so burns one
that we see a lot of adjustment on from</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5158-1
<v Ricky Horton>what Tesla has for doing the perimeter
burn for the time calculated in here</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5158-2
<v Ricky Horton>versus what my laser time is saying plus
me factoring in loading, unloading.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5222-0
<v Ricky Horton>We need to fix that.
I mean that's that's a very simple thing</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5222-1
<v Ricky Horton>to do.
So if you're constantly adjusting it and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5222-2
<v Ricky Horton>you know what you want to adjust it to,
that's easy to fix.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5222-3
<v Ricky Horton>I was going to fix it is what I would do
so that that everybody's going to have to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5222-4
<v Ricky Horton>re-estimate afterwards estimates,
you know, and having.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5253-0
<v Ricky Horton>Right.
Would be another question about that,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5253-1
<v Ricky Horton>you know,
so that's that was one of the issues what</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5253-2
<v Ricky Horton>one day was, OK, we're starting to see it,
OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5253-3
<v Ricky Horton>how do we know what we're we need to get
this to there were really.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5291-0
<v Ricky Horton>That was pretty perfect coming from shots.
So that was we established it when they</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5291-1
<v Ricky Horton>wanted that place though.
It's because what happens is they they go</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5291-2
<v Ricky Horton>through the hours and they use under the
hours.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5291-3
<v Ricky Horton>They have guys that they want to keep as
the place because they're in place.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5291-4
<v Ricky Horton>So they just tell them, oh, go ahead.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5335-0
<v Ricky Horton>We have extra time on this job,
so close to that and would be still at</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5335-1
<v Ricky Horton>that time. That's what they're doing.
That's quite an hour. Yeah. So yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5335-2
<v Ricky Horton>we can fix that.
So people are having to manipulate all</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5335-3
<v Ricky Horton>this stuff.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5349-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, so you can.
We can definitely fix that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5349-1
<v Ricky Horton>Who estimates this change order?
This one would probably Richard and this</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5349-2
<v Ricky Horton>one. Does he have access exactly?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5383-0
<v Ricky Horton>There's not. Well,
they're not really estimating,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5383-1
<v Ricky Horton>but they're estimating off the field in
some little spreadsheet, right? I'm sure.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5383-2
<v Ricky Horton>I'm sure too.
So that's why it's not in tech. Ideally,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5383-3
<v Ricky Horton>in a lot it would be nice if everybody
use tech.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5419-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's the end goal and and so unless one
of these BOT members reached out to Karam</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5419-1
<v Ricky Horton>Hawk or myself and Gaylus is still the
work he has put this into the system and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5419-2
<v Ricky Horton>estimated.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5448-0
<v Ricky Horton>More than likely,
this one was not estimated in Tekla.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5448-1
<v Ricky Horton>Are you used to that document from the
field that was that they're actually</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5448-2
<v Ricky Horton>having access to Tekla in the field?
I have not seen that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5448-3
<v Ricky Horton>I don't see it in the shop. Sure.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5494-0
<v Ricky Horton>They do it if they have field access to
it, then the guys know how to use it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5494-1
<v Ricky Horton>If they have a room,
there's another there's another</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5494-2
<v Ricky Horton>fabricator here in Phoenix that's going
on.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5494-3
<v Ricky Horton>They've got a field for development
groups access all the girls in here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5494-4
<v Ricky Horton>They record.
Here's some material showed up on site.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5494-5
<v Ricky Horton>Here's some material right there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5498-0
<v Ricky Horton>So yeah, is that happening here?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5501-0
<v Ricky Horton>You know, there's probably.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5513-0
<v Ricky Horton>Maybe 10 people that access that and of
this giant list of estimators.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5549-0
<v Ricky Horton>This is Alan in there and he's done a few
test projects.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5549-1
<v Ricky Horton>I estimated in your office that makes it
here as it's honest,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5549-2
<v Ricky Horton>as it's orange estimates in your process.
So I mean I guess if you would have to do</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5549-3
<v Ricky Horton>change orders.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5582-0
<v Ricky Horton>And the guys don't even know how to use
cycling.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5582-1
<v Ricky Horton>That's a whole training exercise to get
that project managers.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5582-2
<v Ricky Horton>Most of them will do their own change.
I've always done 90% of my own change</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5582-3
<v Ricky Horton>orders myself without going back to the
estimated department.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5617-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's right.
Just because I had had the experience and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5617-1
<v Ricky Horton>you know exactly what it's going to take.
Sure,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5617-2
<v Ricky Horton>if I was here at this point now and see
your behind,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5617-3
<v Ricky Horton>I will because I've never used the FBA
portion of tech, but I will learn it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5617-4
<v Ricky Horton>And then that's why everybody can do it.
That's why I'll do it. That's the way.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5663-0
<v Ricky Horton>All day-to-day usage, super simple.
Very simple,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5663-1
<v Ricky Horton>especially with the lever codes and
everything. I was actually,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5663-2
<v Ricky Horton>but everything's got to be right in the
back.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5663-3
<v Ricky Horton>I was actually hoping there'll be a bunch
of estimated in here this week with me.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5663-4
<v Ricky Horton>We're not doing a bunch of adjustments,
so we're supposed to be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5720-0
<v Ricky Horton>Where's the best place for me to go to
learn?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5720-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'm just because you got a YouTube video
on yourself.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5720-2
<v Ricky Horton>Everybody else wants to be different,
right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5720-3
<v Ricky Horton>So and everybody's got to set up a
different place, so no.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5720-4
<v Ricky Horton>But it is really super. I get not set up.
If you figure that out,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5720-5
<v Ricky Horton>let me know because I'm going to be in
the same place.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5748-0
<v Ricky Horton>This guy seems to be a wizard of
everything. I'm just having him say, hey,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5748-1
<v Ricky Horton>I do that. So we got to do this business.
So yeah, working with kind of, well,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5748-2
<v Ricky Horton>say we're past the phase of the the basic,
except for there's a bunch of people are</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5748-3
<v Ricky Horton>using it, so they need.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5786-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's right.
And I that's also that's here's,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5786-1
<v Ricky Horton>here's how we use it here instead of
going out.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5786-2
<v Ricky Horton>I personally have to come to you because
there's no three years and I think other</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5786-3
<v Ricky Horton>estimators they want to learn,
they should also come to one person who</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5786-4
<v Ricky Horton>say what.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5816-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's where we've had lots of issues is
we have new estimators start coming in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5816-1
<v Ricky Horton>and we're just doing long take offs of of
well in the system, so coming in.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5851-0
<v Ricky Horton>Going into this lower portion down here,
which nothing wrong with additional labor</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5851-1
<v Ricky Horton>and and adding any of this to it,
but the main you already got it set up on</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5851-2
<v Ricky Horton>here the codes,
but I'm going to use the codes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5884-0
<v Ricky Horton>Those capture so much more than just
adding well capture being put the holes</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5884-1
<v Ricky Horton>in it, the clips.
I've seen an estimator do this before.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5884-2
<v Ricky Horton>I just never estimated myself yet in the
system, so that makes sense.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5924-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then those are talking about the
chart that got next to me on my peers. OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5924-1
<v Ricky Horton>hey, what's happening? Back that way,
you know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5924-2
<v Ricky Horton>So and that that's one area that we've
been our estimators on the job there and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5924-3
<v Ricky Horton>one of the reasons that they're like, oh,
we're not getting a hold of these</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5924-4
<v Ricky Horton>projects.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5958-0
<v Ricky Horton>And why are your guys's atlas so
different than some of these window</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5958-1
<v Ricky Horton>estimators that have come down?
They're coming in and doing the wrong</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5958-2
<v Ricky Horton>well takeoffs when more of our senior
estimators are using labor codes and then</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5958-3
<v Ricky Horton>using additional labor to fill in a gap
where we need additional fillets.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5986-0
<v Ricky Horton>Or so on and so forth.
How many instructions on this lane is</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5986-1
<v Ricky Horton>estimated? Yeah,
they're actually using that just two or</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5986-2
<v Ricky Horton>three,
three that are dedicated estimators.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/5986-3
<v Ricky Horton>One of those are Karal and Karal,
Isaac and Bach.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6022-0
<v Ricky Horton>So who is Jesse? Oh, so he doesn't.
If he estimates himself,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6022-1
<v Ricky Horton>it's probably directly in heavy bid and
he's probably more estimating the the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6022-2
<v Ricky Horton>field portion of it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6059-0
<v Ricky Horton>Anything fab that's associated with
Jesse's department.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6059-1
<v Ricky Horton>Usually it's first to Karam.
Karam is our most senior estimator and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6059-2
<v Ricky Horton>where do those kids sit? Are they Gilbert?
They have the 4th floor, second,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6059-3
<v Ricky Horton>third floor. So I'm on the third floor,
but I've never been discussing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6100-0
<v Ricky Horton>They don't keep coming here all week
because they were gone all last week.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6100-1
<v Ricky Horton>Oh yeah, yeah,
they all said it's like an official set</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6100-2
<v Ricky Horton>of offices.
Jesse's in one of those and they said</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6100-3
<v Ricky Horton>outside of his office. Well,
they must be on the first floor is that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6100-4
<v Ricky Horton>official office.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6103-0
<v Ricky Horton>So I'm all.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6130-0
<v Ricky Horton>I keep coming back to the I I think, yeah,
yeah, we can do this integration stuff.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6130-1
<v Ricky Horton>That's not a big deal. I swear.
I think our time will be very well spent</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6130-2
<v Ricky Horton>correctly. Yeah, I agree with you.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6171-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think you'll get more buying from
everybody else if the hours coming out of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6171-1
<v Ricky Horton>it are realistic.
I I think we had we we'd be better off</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6171-2
<v Ricky Horton>doing this.
Now we can make these labor groups do</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6171-3
<v Ricky Horton>exactly what what that endling.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6206-0
<v Ricky Horton>We can make this exactly that if you want.
That's that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6206-1
<v Ricky Horton>That would be a hell of a lot better.
And that's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6261-0
<v Ricky Horton>Another area where we have confusion is
this layout going to handling,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6261-1
<v Ricky Horton>this layout going to fit.
Most of the time it goes into fit and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6261-2
<v Ricky Horton>then but we also have a fit up category
interview.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6261-3
<v Ricky Horton>So category five and seven are going in
one category and then we got Weld.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6310-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then we have clean material handling
and material handling in here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6310-1
<v Ricky Horton>So if we simplify these labor groups out
to basically what my PC form has on it,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6310-2
<v Ricky Horton>yeah,
with the exception of I need to add burn</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6310-3
<v Ricky Horton>to this, yeah,
then we're going to keep getting a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6310-4
<v Ricky Horton>consistent breakout. So yeah,
are you the master of this topic?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6331-0
<v Ricky Horton>So why not fix it? Yeah.
So I'm I'm open to come up into this deal.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6331-1
<v Ricky Horton>I think my time would be last very soon
there and talk about this this</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6331-2
<v Ricky Horton>integration after we fix this.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6359-0
<v Ricky Horton>Then we can set it up,
set it up relatively quickly for it to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6359-1
<v Ricky Horton>just give you the breakdown of the hour.
I used to get it too if you want, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6359-2
<v Ricky Horton>We're breaking a whole less than not just
an hour, so let's do it so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6374-0
<v Ricky Horton>I would kind of suggest here you just do
new ones down at the bottom,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6374-1
<v Ricky Horton>then we'll redirect and come back and
delete these.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6395-0
<v Ricky Horton>So maybe you're talking to Phil,
your layout to speak,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6395-1
<v Ricky Horton>cost about two categories and you need a
number for the label group.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6406-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think it's gonna be,
it's gonna freak out on your dad.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6406-1
<v Ricky Horton>She's gonna be a number.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6413-0
<v Ricky Horton>Also a little return of here that we just
had.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6446-0
<v Ricky Horton>Everything to do with cutting was one
through 9 laser, press break,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6446-1
<v Ricky Horton>water jet one through 9.
Everything to do with fiddle was 10</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6446-2
<v Ricky Horton>through 19.
Everything to do with welding so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6486-0
<v Ricky Horton>We just had things in groups of 10
because somebody wanted.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6486-1
<v Ricky Horton>Sometimes somebody would say, well,
I want welding for this and welding for</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6486-2
<v Ricky Horton>that. It would stay within the same.
It would stay within the same family.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6486-3
<v Ricky Horton>That's just the way I'm used to doing it,
not having them all over the place.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6486-4
<v Ricky Horton>And then when you make the routing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6493-0
<v Ricky Horton>The routing flow through the shop.
They break that activity, by the way.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6498-0
<v Ricky Horton>Um, let's set that to be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6529-0
<v Ricky Horton>On these in this production it it it has
some effect so specifically like you know</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6529-1
<v Ricky Horton>and either you can break it down by that
each year or two.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6567-0
<v Ricky Horton>So cut his saw and burn his plasma table.
Yeah, yeah, I think the most part,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6567-1
<v Ricky Horton>especially the ones with the auto clips
and whatnot, like H.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6612-0
<v Ricky Horton>And I are very common ones that we use.
I think columns that runway estimates.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6612-1
<v Ricky Horton>I can hit a runway estimate then 10
minutes and that's cool and welding base</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6612-2
<v Ricky Horton>plate on both ends.
And then we have in there type H quarter</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6612-3
<v Ricky Horton>H type H516 type H.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6632-0
<v Ricky Horton>3/8 So as the fillet size increases, um,
you can just plug that lever code and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6632-1
<v Ricky Horton>Jeff, I'm cutting.
I've got a question here cut in.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6641-0
<v Ricky Horton>So you've got plate plasma cutting,
but you've also got plasma shaped cutting.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6682-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then you've got saw cutting.
So saw is cut.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6682-1
<v Ricky Horton>What is plasma cutting in plate or what
is plasma cutting in shapes?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6682-2
<v Ricky Horton>It's still so.
So how do you differentiate the time it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6682-3
<v Ricky Horton>takes to saw cut something versus?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6689-0
<v Ricky Horton>Burn cut the shape so with with that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6720-0
<v Ricky Horton>I guess we haven't really,
we haven't really broken that out and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6720-1
<v Ricky Horton>that's another area where we've been
trying to fine tune is I'll pull the up</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6720-2
<v Ricky Horton>all the reports from Land Tech and see
what their run times are and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6752-0
<v Ricky Horton>Anything associated with that,
I'll in a separate hours of this is your</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6752-1
<v Ricky Horton>ACPC time associated with this for
running channels and Eagles and that's</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6752-2
<v Ricky Horton>always factored into our budget.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6791-0
<v Ricky Horton>Because if the ACPC goes down,
which is more common than like like it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6791-1
<v Ricky Horton>could ever be,
everything defaults past the saw.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6791-2
<v Ricky Horton>You still have five,
you still have minutes or even piece.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6791-3
<v Ricky Horton>So you as far as the actual time,
that's Monday regardless of what.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6824-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well, it's,
but this just slowns up all those hours</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6824-1
<v Ricky Horton>of calculation background.
But what would you,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6824-2
<v Ricky Horton>what would you see normally in the shop?
If you have different cutting centers,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6824-3
<v Ricky Horton>do they have different codes?
Most of my logics you get federal,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6824-4
<v Ricky Horton>it doesn't matter how it's cut.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6873-0
<v Ricky Horton>But they're not tracking it.
They're not used.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6873-1
<v Ricky Horton>But I mean if I were estimating it and I
had something that was twice as fast as</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6873-2
<v Ricky Horton>something else,
my goal would be to feed that work center</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6873-3
<v Ricky Horton>because I knew it was twice as fast. Yeah,
and they're not making that decision on</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6873-4
<v Ricky Horton>the estimate as far as which 1% it can be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6893-0
<v Ricky Horton>14 and 22 takes this this amount of time.
One less by the imports was less by a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6893-1
<v Ricky Horton>slot, less by one inward.
Here's the amount of time to work at it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6893-2
<v Ricky Horton>So OK, I mean,
I can see huge differences in the time of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6893-3
<v Ricky Horton>the job.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6918-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, for sure. Yeah. But you know,
most of the time, the 14th,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6918-1
<v Ricky Horton>20 years will be cut on one machine,
correct. So therefore,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6918-2
<v Ricky Horton>I'm not paying which machine I'm saying
that they don't really have a big mind</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6918-3
<v Ricky Horton>here. They have,
they went box out yesterday, they got.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6958-0
<v Ricky Horton>Kind of immediately minded as channels on
the bank and they don't have any of those</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6958-1
<v Ricky Horton>beeps.
So they're all kind of normal software.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6958-2
<v Ricky Horton>I guess sometimes they buy out though.
Quite often it would simply buy out</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6958-3
<v Ricky Horton>everybody from somebody that doesn't have
to be minded that they'll cut it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6991-0
<v Ricky Horton>You know, when they get the beam line,
if we get cut,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6991-1
<v Ricky Horton>Chancellor put polls in March,
it's correct. Last year,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6991-2
<v Ricky Horton>actually this year alone,
you would have spent $700,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/6991-3
<v Ricky Horton>000 in selling beams and then what's the
chief of beam line that you're.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7017-0
<v Ricky Horton>Like a Python little Python XI have no
idea what what's cheap to say.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7017-1
<v Ricky Horton>Working can well, all these people,
but probably if a bit dev can probably,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7017-2
<v Ricky Horton>but I don't know that I'll get it so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7045-0
<v Ricky Horton>I hope,
I hope that more long-term then what</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7045-1
<v Ricky Horton>where do I think I might be five years
from now if I think I might need the full</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7045-2
<v Ricky Horton>system saw a drill.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7091-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
I'm gonna buy something that can be part</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7091-1
<v Ricky Horton>of a system that I can add to you.
You know, like the Portland,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7091-2
<v Ricky Horton>it's a whole system, but I I wanted the,
I wanted the automation of the movement</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7091-3
<v Ricky Horton>of the material.
I didn't want to gather the joystick</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7091-4
<v Ricky Horton>moving and stuff.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7126-0
<v Ricky Horton>So that meant I wanted a system that
works together.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7126-1
<v Ricky Horton>And so I I we actually got Bicep,
which does that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7126-2
<v Ricky Horton>So I'm not familiar with it.
I've priced them out. Workman, Bicep,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7126-3
<v Ricky Horton>Python X. Yeah, I've priced them out and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7175-0
<v Ricky Horton>Hey,
does it matter how many times a week you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7175-1
<v Ricky Horton>want to do? Hey, just, hey,
do this substantive and repurpose like</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7175-2
<v Ricky Horton>bid up instead of bid because we we don't
have to be $40, you know what I'm saying?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7175-3
<v Ricky Horton>So get rid of the 22 and make seven up
there 22.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7186-0
<v Ricky Horton>Or something like that, right?
In order to move it down or something.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7186-1
<v Ricky Horton>You follow what I'm saying? Yeah.
That way we don't like to repoint</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7186-2
<v Ricky Horton>everything else.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7192-0
<v Ricky Horton>And probably the same with burger as well.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7197-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm sorry, I wasn't watching that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7244-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think next week I may go to Gilbert,
just to take what you want to do instead</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7244-1
<v Ricky Horton>of start with those guys and see how you
do it. I'm going to do that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7244-2
<v Ricky Horton>It seems like after today, tomorrow,
the next day we finish this and that's my</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7244-3
<v Ricky Horton>next thing. It would be a lot of time.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7278-0
<v Ricky Horton>So I'm going up the place about 5:40 and
nobody's there. I'm the first one in.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7278-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'm the guy walks in and turns the lights
on. OK, and then I'm leaving, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7278-2
<v Ricky Horton>637 o'clock to come here and that's when
people are starting to stroll in.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7308-0
<v Ricky Horton>And there's a couple of people. Well,
he used to give me graphic.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7308-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'll show him at six. OK,
now because it was too early.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7308-2
<v Ricky Horton>Now I wasn't early enough quickly.
Now they move over to the big corporate</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7308-3
<v Ricky Horton>office. Eight o'clock's pretty good.
That wasn't one of the working of things.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7311-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I want to get up there once.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7327-0
<v Ricky Horton>You'll you'll probably want since you're
since coatings will be in here,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7327-1
<v Ricky Horton>then you'll want the clean and the paint.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7329-0
<v Ricky Horton>As well.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7365-0
<v Ricky Horton>Is that material handling of that label
there?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7365-1
<v Ricky Horton>Is that what is the material in order
that it is allowed? No,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7365-2
<v Ricky Horton>that one we can probably just update to
just clean, but that's that's one area of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7410-0
<v Ricky Horton>On the area of confusion we've had since
we have two areas of material, yeah, so,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7410-1
<v Ricky Horton>but we can adjust that so that it's a
included.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7410-2
<v Ricky Horton>I see you got #10 if they have people
that's the full pending vote.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7410-3
<v Ricky Horton>Do you have one for partial pending vote?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7430-0
<v Ricky Horton>Basic world or what?
Everything other than the full.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7430-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'll have a box anyway.
Everything other than the full can will</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7430-2
<v Ricky Horton>is going anywhere. OK, now I can split up.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7475-0
<v Ricky Horton>Which that's a good point too.
We've got there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7475-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'm wondering why these things are
ordered by code like, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7475-2
<v Ricky Horton>one through 10 together.
That's why I used to. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7475-3
<v Ricky Horton>that kind of makes sense to me.
I'm wondering,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7475-4
<v Ricky Horton>would that be easier in the long run for
an estimator to say that, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7475-5
<v Ricky Horton>it cuts down here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7500-0
<v Ricky Horton>Like layouts up here, like this.
You go click, click, click, click, click,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7500-1
<v Ricky Horton>and maybe. But I see that group. Oh, OK,
so that would.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7531-0
<v Ricky Horton>You don't see that in the estimate.
They're going through selecting these</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7531-1
<v Ricky Horton>options.
The main thing we're getting right now is</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7531-2
<v Ricky Horton>when they pull up their estimate summary,
all of these descriptions are available.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7570-0
<v Ricky Horton>These different paths are dividing up
across so many different but these ones</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7570-1
<v Ricky Horton>here are out-of-the-box or did you pay
them?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7570-2
<v Ricky Horton>These are out-of-the-box and you they
already have this shows but they already</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7570-3
<v Ricky Horton>have both of that home plate for assigned
to it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7570-4
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah this one's this one's given to us by
template. Yeah and then we've.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7614-0
<v Ricky Horton>The only thing we've really done,
I guess we've made any custom ones in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7614-1
<v Ricky Horton>there, but we have made some ones as well.
So you say,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7614-2
<v Ricky Horton>have you made custom assemblies like a
ladder,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7614-3
<v Ricky Horton>but three different kinds of ladders for
physical disclosure.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7614-4
<v Ricky Horton>We do that assembly stuff like that, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7641-0
<v Ricky Horton>So that's more of more of what our core
estimators here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7641-1
<v Ricky Horton>Kron's probably the only one who's using
it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7641-2
<v Ricky Horton>It's pop didn't get a good understanding
of it last time.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7641-3
<v Ricky Horton>I would like to be one of the guys that
learns how to do that ****, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7682-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's I've I've done that, you know,
they said on another thing and it's like</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7682-1
<v Ricky Horton>it's what Microsoft,
I see how the time is, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7682-2
<v Ricky Horton>I'll count plates on a lot of them.
I can say two plates on a lot of them.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7682-3
<v Ricky Horton>That's a lot of them, right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7717-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
one thing I am curious about is sometimes</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7717-1
<v Ricky Horton>I have customers supply me with kiss
files and they have well program. Mm-hmm.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7717-2
<v Ricky Horton>Is there a way to enforce and not have
that, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7717-3
<v Ricky Horton>not have a little community,
but we have better control over this.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7753-0
<v Ricky Horton>I've I've been able to give a a global
head of the official down there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7753-1
<v Ricky Horton>So you can still reply and all that. Yeah,
because I've never seen a e-mail in your</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7753-2
<v Ricky Horton>wheelchair, right.
So I don't want the nuts coming in at all.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7753-3
<v Ricky Horton>No, not a chance.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7785-0
<v Ricky Horton>I plug it in and it plugs in at 1000
hours and then the doctor down and and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7785-1
<v Ricky Horton>typically it's less because they'll have
like 3 foot of weld and then there's</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7785-2
<v Ricky Horton>eight of them for one.
But like and it'll be it's two and two</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7785-3
<v Ricky Horton>cap gets on it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7812-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK.
Are you are you typically getting it from</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7812-1
<v Ricky Horton>the detail or OK,
I will say get it from the detail.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7812-2
<v Ricky Horton>I would get the IC model.
They could use a model here after this,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7812-3
<v Ricky Horton>but they the detailer can turn the web
off on the next to work.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7853-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, no, there's there's no one.
I submit a a developer question like</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7853-1
<v Ricky Horton>because I'll ask what we have to have a
global. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7853-2
<v Ricky Horton>it's the delete or remove it because then
I'm going through and you're like click</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7853-3
<v Ricky Horton>delete.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7895-0
<v Ricky Horton>Why you open?
Click delete because you can't even go</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7895-1
<v Ricky Horton>into the highway all and delete one of
the. You have to go 111.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7895-2
<v Ricky Horton>It is terribly diagonal.
So now we can we can go in and point</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7895-3
<v Ricky Horton>everything to the new box and got or then
we'll come back and delete the rest of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7895-4
<v Ricky Horton>the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7913-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then we'll have it much more
simplified.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7913-1
<v Ricky Horton>So you go to operations to do that labor
operations.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7913-2
<v Ricky Horton>So estimating labor maintenance,
labor operations.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7934-0
<v Ricky Horton>There'll be a few other places,
so this is where we just want to get it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7934-1
<v Ricky Horton>going to the right area.
So this is a little bit tedious, but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7954-0
<v Ricky Horton>So it might be easiest to say like sort
by labor group and then just repoint the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7954-1
<v Ricky Horton>groupings.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7988-0
<v Ricky Horton>Check wherever that be going.
Do you need that separated out?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7988-1
<v Ricky Horton>Come to think of it.
I know that it was said we don't.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7988-2
<v Ricky Horton>That time's not even,
but it is an estimate.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7988-3
<v Ricky Horton>I think there's logging at the end of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/7991-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, but we need it split up.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8022-0
<v Ricky Horton>No,
I think we could just let's because yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8022-1
<v Ricky Horton>right now anything quality control wise
it is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8022-2
<v Ricky Horton>There's a separate empty bucket that's
added to every project. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8022-3
<v Ricky Horton>and PC just adds their time to it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8061-0
<v Ricky Horton>So you're not checking everyone,
each and everyone is saying individually</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8061-1
<v Ricky Horton>and saying, Oh yeah,
we're going to check this one up,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8061-2
<v Ricky Horton>check that one up. Well,
and that's the other part because I mean</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8061-3
<v Ricky Horton>the fitters should be doing their own
checks before.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8061-4
<v Ricky Horton>So most of this check on gets wanted to
go around that time of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8092-0
<v Ricky Horton>Check done by the actual.
I don't know if you were a shop that was</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8092-1
<v Ricky Horton>doing nothing,
but there's thousands of operations you'd</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8092-2
<v Ricky Horton>have, but what I see out here, it's more.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8096-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's like I'll check a bean, all bean.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8126-0
<v Ricky Horton>Sometimes they can only spot.
They can only spot check.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8126-1
<v Ricky Horton>They can get 10 meetings.
Let me go check on my.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8126-2
<v Ricky Horton>I'll try to look here. Well,
I walked a couple of them a couple days</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8126-3
<v Ricky Horton>ago, but I could see marks on. Yeah,
on the meetings.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8134-0
<v Ricky Horton>Like somebody had put a clip on and then
grabbed it off properly or whatever.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8135-0
<v Ricky Horton>So.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8159-0
<v Ricky Horton>I can sign that to you by what if if you
just say like to get through it then.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8203-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, a little different risk to do it.
So let me get you together with my son.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8203-1
<v Ricky Horton>My son does the he works at Shop Money's
work net.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8203-2
<v Ricky Horton>He he does all of the programming
production controls for his son that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8203-3
<v Ricky Horton>makes it PC.
So he's all of his constantly like.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8239-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yes,
he he's actually living with one of their</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8239-1
<v Ricky Horton>guys,
so I can get him with my guy Chris to try</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8239-2
<v Ricky Horton>and get him in an integration.
That would be super sweet. Yeah, my son,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8239-3
<v Ricky Horton>I'll just screw you about ACP.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8278-0
<v Ricky Horton>This year, every time they do an update,
they end up destroying all of the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8278-1
<v Ricky Horton>settings that I have made to put into my
stuff because they don't offer any sort</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8278-2
<v Ricky Horton>of guideline.
I'm looking through the paper from manual,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8278-3
<v Ricky Horton>putting in the feed rates,
putting it in top quality, yeah, and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8310-0
<v Ricky Horton>Which is fine. I know how to do it.
It's definitely trained me how to do it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8310-1
<v Ricky Horton>quite well. Yeah, but if I'm not, um,
that machine's not gonna run. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8310-2
<v Ricky Horton>if I'm on vacation, they give me a call.
I'm trying to run 316 stainless right now,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8310-3
<v Ricky Horton>so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8339-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm doing a I'm doing a website for
support and I'm going to have as far as</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8339-1
<v Ricky Horton>that I'm going to have where clients can
get together and talk about that stuff at</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8339-2
<v Ricky Horton>ACPC.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8371-0
<v Ricky Horton>Who should donate to the PC?
Here's what I'm struggling with.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8371-1
<v Ricky Horton>I want to add on there as well. Yeah,
having the the chat boards for for the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8371-2
<v Ricky Horton>fabrication.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8389-0
<v Ricky Horton>Like monthly webinars and stuff too,
where I I will try to get some of these</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8389-1
<v Ricky Horton>guys come on and say, hey,
let's listen to your clients and see what</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8389-2
<v Ricky Horton>they say, what they want, you know?
Oh yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8412-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'd definitely be interested in that
'cause I'm always, I mean,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8412-1
<v Ricky Horton>once you're in the industry,
you're in the industry. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8412-2
<v Ricky Horton>So no matter where you are, it's a it's a.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8413-0
<v Ricky Horton>So.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8424-0
<v Ricky Horton>He said what do you style that we want to
do that this one we will put into our.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8432-0
<v Ricky Horton>So I'd say we put on the check into our
fifth category, OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8441-0
<v Ricky Horton>Because they made it clear.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8482-0
<v Ricky Horton>So you're so it really is the quality guy
is not responsible anymore.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8482-1
<v Ricky Horton>It's just the bidder that's responsible.
So the bidder is checking the fitment</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8482-2
<v Ricky Horton>prior to the going to load it and then
the GC comes over.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8520-0
<v Ricky Horton>As on that was on inspection report.
So QC is still doing a check,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8520-1
<v Ricky Horton>but QC dollars are tracked on a
completely separate code on every single</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8520-2
<v Ricky Horton>project. OK,
so QC knows where to put their time on</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8520-3
<v Ricky Horton>the project. Yeah, OK, yeah.
So when we were.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8534-0
<v Ricky Horton>When we were looking at this previous
project schedule,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8534-1
<v Ricky Horton>which we can see that everyone should
have in here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8568-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's the same code for every single
project,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8568-1
<v Ricky Horton>but I'm just amazed without the
estimators to see her integration with</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8568-2
<v Ricky Horton>this two topics would be just a problem.
So yeah, where's staff?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8568-3
<v Ricky Horton>I actually expected the quality control
is always zero.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8579-0
<v Ricky Horton>011400 so OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8612-0
<v Ricky Horton>And I cannot know the other thing.
He was still up. People are unsustained,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8612-1
<v Ricky Horton>wasn't telling me.
I've done this port to copy it up there,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8612-2
<v Ricky Horton>copy the and then you just paste it there
rather than had to be able to click</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8612-3
<v Ricky Horton>through and find it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8616-0
<v Ricky Horton>What do you think they're going to call
on? I'm not even. I don't know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8633-0
<v Ricky Horton>If you you can also look it from label
group on the left and it'll stay on check</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8633-1
<v Ricky Horton>over there so you don't have to scroll up
in.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8641-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm gonna just drop that.
It's like I I got some second scroll a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8641-1
<v Ricky Horton>little bit.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8663-0
<v Ricky Horton>Looking very fast today,
the program's not shutting down.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8663-1
<v Ricky Horton>That's good.
I told you I was trying to be the same</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8663-2
<v Ricky Horton>house. Yeah,
that's where you were with smiles.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8664-0
<v Ricky Horton>Thank you.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8669-0
<v Ricky Horton>I take priority in my ability to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8699-0
<v Ricky Horton>How many reprogramming they've ever given
me? It's been, let me see,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8699-1
<v Ricky Horton>just something I'm going to get at it and
that's what I can do with it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8699-2
<v Ricky Horton>Land tech is one that I have not been
able to. I know it very well.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8710-0
<v Ricky Horton>But I hate that program. Yeah,
I've almost said that's very, I would say.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8710-1
<v Ricky Horton>So I'm gonna use the restaurant real
quick 'cause I'm drinking water like a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8710-2
<v Ricky Horton>fish today.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8713-0
<v Ricky Horton>One thing I have a certain level I have
migrated.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8743-0
<v Ricky Horton>So have you heard or are you aware that
the goal is to have all estimated for all</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8743-1
<v Ricky Horton>facilities be in Phoenix?
Have you heard that?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8743-2
<v Ricky Horton>That's that's the goal,
the way I understand it, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8744-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8770-0
<v Ricky Horton>I don't can't really tell them if some
people are,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8770-1
<v Ricky Horton>but it looks like there's 7 or 12.
Some might be panel shops and there might</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8770-2
<v Ricky Horton>be a when you say Phoenix,
you mean between here and Gilbert?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8785-0
<v Ricky Horton>Sure. Gilbert. OK, Morgan Gilbert.
Gilbert,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8785-1
<v Ricky Horton>that is run by a guy in Denver as they
roll up to Denver.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8828-0
<v Ricky Horton>Seems like the lead estimators in there.
This is what I've heard.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8828-1
<v Ricky Horton>I haven't been verified any issue.
The facility in Great Falls is empty.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8828-2
<v Ricky Horton>There's like 25,
000 square feet overhead cranes,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8828-3
<v Ricky Horton>but there's hardly any work.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8837-0
<v Ricky Horton>The selling loading load field is oil
field skids.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8856-0
<v Ricky Horton>They're doing a lot of this.
I'm researching hard,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8856-1
<v Ricky Horton>trying to read people that wrote trip
reports, you know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8867-0
<v Ricky Horton>Anyway, place in Casper.
I have no idea what they did do that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8888-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
I've been trying to pull data from these.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8888-1
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
trying to pull data from these facilities.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8888-2
<v Ricky Horton>Like who's been there? What do they got?
What are they good at?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8920-0
<v Ricky Horton>One of the jobs we want me to do is where
you know different parts of the projects.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8920-1
<v Ricky Horton>I go, then I need to scale the jobs.
I know I need to like say something that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8920-2
<v Ricky Horton>I can see that so I can see their.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8954-0
<v Ricky Horton>I now know what we can do here.
I'm actually a little surprised. No,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8954-1
<v Ricky Horton>it's like this place.
They have a little shopping.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8954-2
<v Ricky Horton>It's like it's metals,
20 guys in it and and even besides pills,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8954-3
<v Ricky Horton>they got a little tiny.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8996-0
<v Ricky Horton>Council chair,
10 foot press break and they do a few</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8996-1
<v Ricky Horton>stairs here and there and they got this
little invitation game line to do their</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8996-2
<v Ricky Horton>stair springers on and they're not really
set up to do structural like calls,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/8996-3
<v Ricky Horton>but that's why he's he's saying.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9031-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
we'd be saying out loud and buy a house.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9031-1
<v Ricky Horton>OK, well,
doesn't the company own a facility that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9031-2
<v Ricky Horton>does do those?
I think they're trying to get to the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9031-3
<v Ricky Horton>point to where they're doing,
want to do everything in house and we're</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9031-4
<v Ricky Horton>good to the Jordan has done it in house.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9067-0
<v Ricky Horton>Then they need to say one of these shops
I've been with these states. They do it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9067-1
<v Ricky Horton>OK,
so I think you and I have been told the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9067-2
<v Ricky Horton>same very similar thing.
They just want me to determine where's</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9067-3
<v Ricky Horton>the best and and if they can't find a
facility that we own that doesn't the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9067-4
<v Ricky Horton>best, they want me to give them ideas on.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9103-0
<v Ricky Horton>Where we can buy it out? OK,
I think we have a very similar mission,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9103-1
<v Ricky Horton>but coming.
Yours is coming from John Snow. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9103-2
<v Ricky Horton>mine's coming from Jeffrey,
but I think the. So he, Jeffrey,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9103-3
<v Ricky Horton>would you? He's the same thing as John.
Oh, really?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9134-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah. Is he mobile? He works from home.
He's here two days a week.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9134-1
<v Ricky Horton>He's here on Monday. Oh, yeah,
he's here on Monday.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9134-2
<v Ricky Horton>He'll be here on Thursday.
I'll introduce you to him.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9134-3
<v Ricky Horton>So he's my old boss from.
We worked together for a decade.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9172-0
<v Ricky Horton>That fab shop we worked on and that fab
shop was crumbling because most of us</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9172-1
<v Ricky Horton>have left for whatever reason.
Some is rebuilding.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9172-2
<v Ricky Horton>They've taken seven of our guys over
there and they're putting up 65,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9172-3
<v Ricky Horton>000 square feet.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9200-0
<v Ricky Horton>New facility, one bay, one bay tanks,
one bay spatial.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9200-1
<v Ricky Horton>These guys want to hug both,
first the show.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9200-2
<v Ricky Horton>They should go to this area.
They have the most organized.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9242-0
<v Ricky Horton>What is the steel pad?
Have you been to steel pad?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9242-1
<v Ricky Horton>I have not been steel pad,
but I've heard of it. But yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9242-2
<v Ricky Horton>so you know this facility was you guys
were next to AF Steel.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9242-3
<v Ricky Horton>I did not know that right.
You guys were right next door. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9242-4
<v Ricky Horton>right there,
another building and then they're going</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9242-5
<v Ricky Horton>to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9266-0
<v Ricky Horton>Here ASDL has expanded. Yes, they have.
They've already,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9266-1
<v Ricky Horton>but they do have all the right equipment
set up already.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9266-2
<v Ricky Horton>They're only the problem is the the
people that upper level management aren't</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9266-3
<v Ricky Horton>the people.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9311-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I had the three big,
the big three above me that followed the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9311-1
<v Ricky Horton>three drag and then me and then everybody
else is under me like, OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9311-2
<v Ricky Horton>and then I left the like most people in
those conditions,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9311-3
<v Ricky Horton>they only lasted a year or two.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9314-0
<v Ricky Horton>When I ever been there, they said.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9327-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, yeah, that's better. At least, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9345-0
<v Ricky Horton>'Cause they got nothing. OK,
it's they just jump up and on costs where</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9345-1
<v Ricky Horton>everybody will label their mental.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9356-0
<v Ricky Horton>I used to get really bad because I didn't
do that. Well, that's not my example.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9356-1
<v Ricky Horton>Two good work done. Three people.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9374-0
<v Ricky Horton>But as far as the shop,
the way it's set up is really good. Yes,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9374-1
<v Ricky Horton>they got really good equipment.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9377-0
<v Ricky Horton>Like working shop, Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9408-0
<v Ricky Horton>They have to be one competitions between
each other. Hundreds of beams,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9408-1
<v Ricky Horton>hundreds of columns means like 34500
beams a day. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9408-2
<v Ricky Horton>that's actually started to turn steel
fast facility and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9436-0
<v Ricky Horton>I was literally moving the whole time
over there. They had PDL theme lines, so,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9436-1
<v Ricky Horton>yeah, yeah, so.
So I've always been very heavy.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9436-2
<v Ricky Horton>So are you and just got the brand.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9465-0
<v Ricky Horton>They've got 3 beam lines and then a cobra.
So they they were telling me their best</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9465-1
<v Ricky Horton>week.
They're pumping out 800 tons and the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9465-2
<v Ricky Horton>structure will we have to do that
equipment,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9465-3
<v Ricky Horton>but the advocating house is they sell.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9495-0
<v Ricky Horton>Think of things about material and it's
not a system.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9495-1
<v Ricky Horton>Let's say you got to have for every
machine you got to operate and you don't</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9495-2
<v Ricky Horton>have to do that.
They have to move the material themselves.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9495-3
<v Ricky Horton>That's a problem.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9509-0
<v Ricky Horton>I wonder how many tons of Valley consumes
per month. Yeah, well, the question is,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9509-1
<v Ricky Horton>do all these shops stay busy?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9530-0
<v Ricky Horton>I have your Phoenix is well,
I think Phoenix Phoenix is expanding</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9530-1
<v Ricky Horton>because the semi con has been talking a
bunch of money here. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9530-2
<v Ricky Horton>I think it's that's a temporary thing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9533-0
<v Ricky Horton>Just one data on little bit.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9536-0
<v Ricky Horton>2.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9547-0
<v Ricky Horton>Where is that? I was in Arkansas.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9548-0
<v Ricky Horton>I.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9549-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9572-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well, I mean,
I only changed over the load,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9572-1
<v Ricky Horton>so I mean I keep waiting to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9580-0
<v Ricky Horton>It won't work since we're already in my.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9581-0
<v Ricky Horton>So.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9583-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9599-0
<v Ricky Horton>So they'd like to figure out where to
build a facility that can do hiring for</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9599-1
<v Ricky Horton>that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9613-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'd be happy about that too.
Right around the corner of your house.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9613-1
<v Ricky Horton>Is that what you're trying to say? Yeah,
San Tan Valley too. Oh, that's a joke.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9613-2
<v Ricky Horton>I don't know.
I got a pretty good backyard.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9621-0
<v Ricky Horton>And it's just having it spread out like
certainly just creates other issues.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9637-0
<v Ricky Horton>I have estimators here.
It's in in probably, right? Yes,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9637-1
<v Ricky Horton>it's in the year or not.
It should be worse.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9637-2
<v Ricky Horton>You probably can leave this. Yeah, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9645-0
<v Ricky Horton>They don't seem to want to spend a lot of
money, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9661-0
<v Ricky Horton>Which can't like the places around in
this area because of panel shot.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9677-0
<v Ricky Horton>If you look at people's signature files,
you'll see they're the three places that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9677-1
<v Ricky Horton>they have 3 audiences.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9678-0
<v Ricky Horton>Open, stand on.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9719-0
<v Ricky Horton>That weld around one leg laying. Yeah,
that will be better,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9719-1
<v Ricky Horton>but all they told you they really want
the less, less.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9719-2
<v Ricky Horton>They shouldn't use those some other hours
going to be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9750-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, but it doesn't use it.
So unless you put time in the labor</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9750-1
<v Ricky Horton>standards from these other fields,
it's it's gonna be easy to put it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9750-2
<v Ricky Horton>wherever you want to be really.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9772-0
<v Ricky Horton>Some guys have left, you know,
the rest of my sales team,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9772-1
<v Ricky Horton>but I had a bunch of sales wise and some
operations guys.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9772-2
<v Ricky Horton>They've already appended 50 million in
work.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9773-0
<v Ricky Horton>They don't have facility either.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9785-0
<v Ricky Horton>Data center skids was 40 million and a
bunch of barges was 10 million.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9824-0
<v Ricky Horton>But this was work we used to do at K-wood,
Steelwood, uh, the skills are integration.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9824-1
<v Ricky Horton>So steel is,
steel is the most of these jobs,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9824-2
<v Ricky Horton>obviously the steel.
What you're really selling are pumps and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9824-3
<v Ricky Horton>motors and valves and instruments.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9832-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's what I wanted. It's still like 15%.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9835-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's all I know. Thank you.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9863-0
<v Ricky Horton>You know, the other side of it. You know,
like all the pumps and all that stuff.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9863-1
<v Ricky Horton>No electrical, you know,
if it's certified,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9863-2
<v Ricky Horton>you know it's just basic stuff. Yeah, but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9887-0
<v Ricky Horton>So if you're burned on the way above the
on the well, your holes, the cut,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9887-1
<v Ricky Horton>excuse me, the punch and drill.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9905-0
<v Ricky Horton>They we need to go look at that.
So go up to maintenance,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9905-1
<v Ricky Horton>estimating later maintenance and punch.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9915-0
<v Ricky Horton>And go to the drop down at the top,
the touch pipe maintenance.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9968-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then where do you want holes for the
cycle will be basically cut for the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9968-1
<v Ricky Horton>processing basically.
So they just change it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9968-2
<v Ricky Horton>Do they even have punches here to punch
holes? I didn't see any much.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/9968-3
<v Ricky Horton>I need to change that terminology.
They got cut.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10018-0
<v Ricky Horton>Drill. It might be a thermal process.
It's they they need to say whole method</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10018-1
<v Ricky Horton>number one,
whole method number two and then it lets</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10018-2
<v Ricky Horton>you pick what you want. So yeah,
their terminology is all in here or</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10018-3
<v Ricky Horton>should they need to change it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10051-0
<v Ricky Horton>I guess people so screwed up on that all
of them that are startling to be like,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10051-1
<v Ricky Horton>I don't punch anything.
Why are we using the punch?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10051-2
<v Ricky Horton>We need to use the drill. I'm like.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10069-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's not saying you have to literally
function, so they go to drill as well,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10069-1
<v Ricky Horton>good maintenance,
estimating labor maintenance and drill.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10082-0
<v Ricky Horton>Same deal drop down at the top and drill
type maintenance and change those.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10094-0
<v Ricky Horton>What are you going to change it to?
It's all hard. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10094-1
<v Ricky Horton>So punching in is not hard. OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10096-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10098-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10107-0
<v Ricky Horton>This is ****. Maybe on here.
I think we've got it right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10127-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
they don't show up for their training.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10127-1
<v Ricky Horton>It was yesterday. Save it to me. Oh yeah,
afternoon is first meeting mornings for</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10127-2
<v Ricky Horton>production and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10159-0
<v Ricky Horton>So, so then you go also to maintenance,
we're good. We're yeah, labor groups,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10159-1
<v Ricky Horton>you're back to labor groups,
maintenance estimating labor,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10159-2
<v Ricky Horton>maintenance labor groups.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10186-0
<v Ricky Horton>Go to the drop down at the top.
Labor group maintenance and miscellaneous</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10186-1
<v Ricky Horton>labor groups.
So here's other places where that is</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10186-2
<v Ricky Horton>going to be said clean goes with clean.
Sure that it works.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10193-0
<v Ricky Horton>Oops, probably not being used, but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10202-0
<v Ricky Horton>You came with splice times with the labor.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10264-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think it'd be 12 if it's splicing the
pieces together. Well,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10264-1
<v Ricky Horton>it's something to prep for the field for
both the spice. So they'll prep the shop.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10264-2
<v Ricky Horton>They'll make sure the beef might not just
spice.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10264-3
<v Ricky Horton>They'll have bolts a lot of times on the
end.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10295-0
<v Ricky Horton>Good maintenance estimating.
I'll show you where it is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10295-1
<v Ricky Horton>So you can see it really better.
We're going to come right back to labor</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10295-2
<v Ricky Horton>maintenance, splice, you know,
column splices so you can on a.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10340-0
<v Ricky Horton>Labor code you can say use this splice.
It's not used by default and it's just a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10340-1
<v Ricky Horton>lot of hours.
So most people don't use this. Yes,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10340-2
<v Ricky Horton>they don't put any material themselves
and they don't put labor to it with labor</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10340-3
<v Ricky Horton>codes. Most people don't use this, but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10377-0
<v Ricky Horton>There it is. If it's there, why not?
It just doesn't give you a breakdown of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10377-1
<v Ricky Horton>what it is. Is that kind of is that holes?
Is that is that actually putting it on</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10377-2
<v Ricky Horton>there or what is it's like it just
doesn't give you a breakdown.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10377-3
<v Ricky Horton>So let's be cleaned up not using it so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10378-0
<v Ricky Horton>Hey.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10390-0
<v Ricky Horton>I I think we put it under clean.
We do not. I think we had a clean man,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10390-1
<v Ricky Horton>right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10426-0
<v Ricky Horton>So the manual labor time that gives that
hours per fee field.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10426-1
<v Ricky Horton>So which I really kind of hate that field
because it gives people too much leeway,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10426-2
<v Ricky Horton>but it's used too much,
but what do you want me to do with that?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10456-0
<v Ricky Horton>I say I'm keeping it in other just
because I know when somebody's and then</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10456-1
<v Ricky Horton>there's not way,
then it at least ask the question. OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10456-2
<v Ricky Horton>cool.
I think we should have everything ordered</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10456-3
<v Ricky Horton>in the right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10463-0
<v Ricky Horton>So you can probably get back and delete
the other ones now and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10489-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well, I'm all, well,
we know what this is today.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10489-1
<v Ricky Horton>Always thinking again.
I don't think about 9:45 in the mornings</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10489-2
<v Ricky Horton>when I start thinking about my dear real
hearts.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10493-0
<v Ricky Horton>And it's so much salad to return.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10495-0
<v Ricky Horton>Perfect.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10496-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10497-0
<v Ricky Horton>.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10516-0
<v Ricky Horton>If it's used somewhere,
I think because this is for.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10522-0
<v Ricky Horton>So that's been up for her T Morris.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10523-0
<v Ricky Horton>It.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10556-0
<v Ricky Horton>Labor time.
We're trying to get the other facilities</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10556-1
<v Ricky Horton>the same thing.
Somebody's kind of gone through with the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10556-2
<v Ricky Horton>people.
I hear the local facility can be quite</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10556-3
<v Ricky Horton>busy doing pipe skills.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10571-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think there is. Yeah,
that was going to Camber.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10571-1
<v Ricky Horton>Do you want that in Camber?
Press button where you want to be?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10623-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's good.
Cameras probably has to keep there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10623-1
<v Ricky Horton>Honestly,
the camera time just shy of the pencil</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10623-2
<v Ricky Horton>anybody never use it.
So because it looks like it's a flat time</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10623-3
<v Ricky Horton>right now and actually we adjusted a
little bit better because.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10652-0
<v Ricky Horton>Used to be dynamically found and most of
our camera people are taking more than</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10652-1
<v Ricky Horton>three hours.
So if it's if it's anything outside of my</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10652-2
<v Ricky Horton>machine,
that's when it would be over because then</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10652-3
<v Ricky Horton>he can bring it, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10664-0
<v Ricky Horton>So the two hours is probably something
Mark and then two hours you all set. OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10664-1
<v Ricky Horton>cool, because I would say that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10688-0
<v Ricky Horton>2025 right in the three years,
14 new jobs and you got on camera machine</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10688-1
<v Ricky Horton>out there collecting dust and stuff.
It's a pain. What about man flight?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10691-0
<v Ricky Horton>Press break. Um.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10695-0
<v Ricky Horton>That one probably.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10721-0
<v Ricky Horton>Is that just consider processing in
general in in in terminology? Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10721-1
<v Ricky Horton>this one would probably be more under fit
just because they're forming would be fit</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10721-2
<v Ricky Horton>so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10731-0
<v Ricky Horton>No, I don't need. I don't know.
We should not be in.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10767-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's on a certain entity, yeah.
Bending is definitely to me, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10767-1
<v Ricky Horton>and and sometimes I can argue whether
bending and rolling is the same thing,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10767-2
<v Ricky Horton>but no, no, they're totally different.
The theory is a little bit similar, but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10771-0
<v Ricky Horton>like different as well. I really like</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10809-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well,
we've also put we've put restorate time</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10809-1
<v Ricky Horton>in handling too,
really is possibly handling to play after</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10809-2
<v Ricky Horton>it's been processed and a lot of times I
mean depending upon the project.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10857-0
<v Ricky Horton>You're like,
that's the extension you'll if you want</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10857-1
<v Ricky Horton>it to restructure or welded together,
I think it's what you got there. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10857-2
<v Ricky Horton>I think it's it's no animal. No, I mean,
we can keep it that way.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10857-3
<v Ricky Horton>It's an estimate extra anyways. And yeah,
that's just.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10873-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's gonna be another area where we
release it per handling cut fit well,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10873-1
<v Ricky Horton>right? So.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10914-0
<v Ricky Horton>You still have visibility to the time,
regardless of type and label. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10914-1
<v Ricky Horton>you still have visibility if you want to,
yeah. But yeah, if you run a report later,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10914-2
<v Ricky Horton>this is cut to show up.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10970-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's not. No,
that was still up in a separate category,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10970-1
<v Ricky Horton>but it'll still be in the total amount of
hours.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10970-2
<v Ricky Horton>And then from there that's the
fabrication shop project managers is</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10970-3
<v Ricky Horton>fresh enough.
I'm going to direct my guys to put this</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/10970-4
<v Ricky Horton>towards handling because we took the time
for this and put it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11003-0
<v Ricky Horton>Here or this is going to go to fit for
tracking purposes and then you'll be with</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11003-1
<v Ricky Horton>the operator and you have four hours to
break to play.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11003-2
<v Ricky Horton>This is your and and then in time
tracking you'll add nulls.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11023-0
<v Ricky Horton>Break press operation,
handling and then we can see that like</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11023-1
<v Ricky Horton>you got to cut. Well,
if you have a category,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11023-2
<v Ricky Horton>so handling that that will allow the bird.
I got there only one business.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11064-0
<v Ricky Horton>So you can take, OK,
that's where you put your banding things</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11064-1
<v Ricky Horton>like there's others that you don't pay in
the postal buckets, right? Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11064-2
<v Ricky Horton>that's what that's what I'll say.
I think I'm pretty much using kind of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11064-3
<v Ricky Horton>like all processes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11083-0
<v Ricky Horton>Alls and calves and OK, OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11112-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I hated that.
We used to have a category fab and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11112-1
<v Ricky Horton>everybody put everything. Oh yeah,
I'm sure they did. Yeah. And it was, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11112-2
<v Ricky Horton>Then we went to fit up and well,
that became confusing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11113-0
<v Ricky Horton>But.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11116-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
it depends on how you're going to shop.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11127-0
<v Ricky Horton>If you want to know,
our fitters could weld and our welders</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11127-1
<v Ricky Horton>could, yeah, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11131-0
<v Ricky Horton>As we moved away from that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11175-0
<v Ricky Horton>Right.
I have that move that was only called</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11175-1
<v Ricky Horton>layout man, right?
I guess I'm freaked out. You want that?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11175-2
<v Ricky Horton>This one I don't understand.
I don't know who would stand on that in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11175-3
<v Ricky Horton>this.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11211-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, dollars has a priority.
That's not something that we're going to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11211-1
<v Ricky Horton>track in this an extra. It's. I mean,
you just you send your assembly on the go.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11211-2
<v Ricky Horton>I don't have a free job on here at all.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11226-0
<v Ricky Horton>Right, that's that's just a weird no.
I don't think that's it's only moods.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11226-1
<v Ricky Horton>It doesn't even look out for the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11238-0
<v Ricky Horton>What does it do? OK,
it is accounting for a gallon housing</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11238-1
<v Ricky Horton>cost.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11274-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then when this and then I would
assume that you would call these paving</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11274-1
<v Ricky Horton>the system on it and this would get you
down in private.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11274-2
<v Ricky Horton>So that makes sense to me and then
they're just.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11299-0
<v Ricky Horton>So move, we would switch to, Bob,
would you guys run a system that has</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11299-1
<v Ricky Horton>galvanizing and paint over it?
I'll be a lot of green environments.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11339-0
<v Ricky Horton>Marine environments. Yeah, on it.
Heavy corrosion areas.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11339-1
<v Ricky Horton>They're even just down there at the top.
We made light poles,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11339-2
<v Ricky Horton>the same light poles we said at 10 feet.
Sometimes the same coastal city.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11345-0
<v Ricky Horton>And so they want to galvanize it,
that panel.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11346-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11352-0
<v Ricky Horton>'Cause they still want to look pretty,
they don't want that to be optimized,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11352-1
<v Ricky Horton>yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11353-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think everything else is good to be
more other.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11354-0
<v Ricky Horton>Should be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11376-0
<v Ricky Horton>I didn't get to taking the time to do
this is actually if you're going to move</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11376-1
<v Ricky Horton>to more estimating in here,
this actually is going to be very helpful.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11425-0
<v Ricky Horton>So what's going to happen when we change
all these categories and we try to run</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11425-1
<v Ricky Horton>all estimates through here that don't
have that do or don't have these</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11425-2
<v Ricky Horton>categories? It's reporting all this.
So if we went to all this and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11459-0
<v Ricky Horton>Change.
So it's not going to affect the labor,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11459-1
<v Ricky Horton>but it'll affect the buckets that most
into that. We're not.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11459-2
<v Ricky Horton>It's been done in anyways.
We're not changing labor. I'm curious.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11459-3
<v Ricky Horton>We're not changing labor at all.
We're just redirecting more of that labor.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11459-4
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, yeah, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11462-0
<v Ricky Horton>I still would be there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11475-0
<v Ricky Horton>I mean,
I hear Karam does like 4 estimates a week.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11475-1
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
it's about the number of the other guy.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11481-0
<v Ricky Horton>Hey Cortana,
the otherwise it's you need that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11505-0
<v Ricky Horton>There's some others there.
I think 15 is probably what the average</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11505-1
<v Ricky Horton>per piece is going to, yeah.
And then the other one's probably rural.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11540-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, yeah, I'm not sure.
It may be that the labor operation will</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11540-1
<v Ricky Horton>point to one and then that's the only
problem with only using the label.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11540-2
<v Ricky Horton>We're not seeing the 15 or 16, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11544-0
<v Ricky Horton>This one's fine. This one's fine.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11566-0
<v Ricky Horton>And when you kind of paint that's that's
what we want. What I said,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11566-1
<v Ricky Horton>you're more bad that coping was under
burger. Do you want that under burger?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11611-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I would. I would say so. OK,
if we're to open the house,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11611-1
<v Ricky Horton>we're using the mouse C7 torch and we're
I I was just,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11611-2
<v Ricky Horton>I was just kind of thinking you,
you got everything in the car is only</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11611-3
<v Ricky Horton>plate and that was going to be my plan.
So I just want to make sure I see it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11612-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11613-0
<v Ricky Horton>Do you hear any ranges at all?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11638-0
<v Ricky Horton>Because that's going to get money real
quick. Yes,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11638-1
<v Ricky Horton>we're using obviously some of the torch,
but that's truck time going to the detail</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11638-2
<v Ricky Horton>department and they're going to cut the
beam the land.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11648-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, all that's gonna be under there, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11659-0
<v Ricky Horton>Uh, let's see which one is.
It's using good fabricated information</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11659-1
<v Ricky Horton>first.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11664-0
<v Ricky Horton>A good operating.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11680-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yep,
I've been in operations at the bottom and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11680-1
<v Ricky Horton>then the coats there.
So it's usually a manual apartment rate.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11707-0
<v Ricky Horton>Wonder if that's what you're in the
meeting changing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11707-1
<v Ricky Horton>Go to let's see what go to labor codes
and see what your like labor codes are</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11707-2
<v Ricky Horton>using.
I don't want to bet you it's using the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11707-3
<v Ricky Horton>manual.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11714-0
<v Ricky Horton>Labor maintenance, labor.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11721-0
<v Ricky Horton>I was forget that.
So we had to sneak it into this every tab.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11721-1
<v Ricky Horton>Oh yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11724-0
<v Ricky Horton>They're gonna have a plate.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11730-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then just go to the Formalas tab.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11742-0
<v Ricky Horton>And hover over that and it'll show you
over the formula if thickness is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11784-0
<v Ricky Horton>Burn manual.
So the coats and the and the plate</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11784-1
<v Ricky Horton>machine are usually the exact same rate,
the exact same function.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11784-2
<v Ricky Horton>So if we report it,
we report the whole thing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11784-3
<v Ricky Horton>So I guess the question is do you want to
use a different burn burn rate?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11786-0
<v Ricky Horton>For the coats and the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11810-0
<v Ricky Horton>I would definitely say so considering the
operation is gonna run a significantly</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11810-1
<v Ricky Horton>faster burn rate than, yeah,
an operator out there with a hand torch.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11810-2
<v Ricky Horton>So yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11817-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, that's pretty much it.
So let's get a look at the break.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11817-1
<v Ricky Horton>It says 9 lane rate, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11819-0
<v Ricky Horton>So.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11861-0
<v Ricky Horton>Problem we're going to have.
So that's what the plate machine is using.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11861-1
<v Ricky Horton>Well,
that's what every plate machine is using</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11861-2
<v Ricky Horton>right now,
which what is 76 eights of the bust</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11861-3
<v Ricky Horton>out-of-the-box.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11876-0
<v Ricky Horton>So I probably have 69 for the result,
but I don't know something in between</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11876-1
<v Ricky Horton>there, but yeah, that's one thing we can.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11880-0
<v Ricky Horton>Um, in downloading this for sure I.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11921-0
<v Ricky Horton>You know,
I don't know what you want to do here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11921-1
<v Ricky Horton>Do you want to?
We could either change the plate to a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11921-2
<v Ricky Horton>different burn type,
or we can change the coding to a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11921-3
<v Ricky Horton>different burn type.
Anything other than this,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11921-4
<v Ricky Horton>the semi and automatic is going to be
faster than this.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11924-0
<v Ricky Horton>Um, go to semi automatic.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11933-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm gonna bet that's probably more
realistic for your blade machine.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11968-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, you get an automatic. It's like,
it's like super fast.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11968-1
<v Ricky Horton>That might be actual everything's back.
Yeah, it might be,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11968-2
<v Ricky Horton>but it doesn't account for all the
movement of the hip before before the arc</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11968-3
<v Ricky Horton>starts, right. So.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11970-0
<v Ricky Horton>The others would be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11971-0
<v Ricky Horton>But.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11972-0
<v Ricky Horton>2.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11976-0
<v Ricky Horton>So it's oxy and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11991-0
<v Ricky Horton>You just have to find the right to share
it's in the before and then we'll be able</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/11991-1
<v Ricky Horton>to adjust.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12003-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK,
so it's 10 gauge and then it should just</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12003-1
<v Ricky Horton>be 15 inch, 40 inch of a minute.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12020-0
<v Ricky Horton>Is this the machine that's up to the
order? Yeah, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12020-1
<v Ricky Horton>quarter inch through 3/8 it'd be 110.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12047-0
<v Ricky Horton>9675 inches per minute.
I don't believe they're that fast because</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12047-1
<v Ricky Horton>I don't think it's accounting for
everything like you mentioned.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12047-2
<v Ricky Horton>It's not you know the the machine may
actually burn that fast, but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12079-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's not trying to move the head over
here, over here, over here. Well,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12079-1
<v Ricky Horton>I think there's, I mean,
whatever the programs that calculate this</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12079-2
<v Ricky Horton>take a lot of this into account,
right when you pick these.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12109-0
<v Ricky Horton>Cut speeds like when you make a turn,
depending on how you program,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12109-1
<v Ricky Horton>it slows the speed down the arc depending
on your cut quality.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12109-2
<v Ricky Horton>Pierce times or depending on what you're
piercing, you know those drive a lot of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12113-0
<v Ricky Horton>A lot of this.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12139-0
<v Ricky Horton>But the guy who uses for consumables
matters a lot and 110 inches per bed for</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12139-1
<v Ricky Horton>quarter inch right here,
that's 550 feet per hour and I'll find</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12139-2
<v Ricky Horton>most people are.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12173-0
<v Ricky Horton>Running it,
they're going to speed by half of what?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12173-1
<v Ricky Horton>So I mean look and see what the what the
other speeds were for quarter inch.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12173-2
<v Ricky Horton>What's the semi? So automatic is 550,
what's the semi?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12189-0
<v Ricky Horton>What do you guys want?
What do you do with base plates on there?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12189-1
<v Ricky Horton>Base plates, base plates, cap plates,
stiffeners, gusset plates.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12211-0
<v Ricky Horton>So it's a small one.
It's anything over 2 inch.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12211-1
<v Ricky Horton>We got it next time. So you guys got this,
your boss being. It's a bottom now.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12211-2
<v Ricky Horton>They got nothing. It's they were too good.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12242-0
<v Ricky Horton>We're we're limited to 96 by 240 on that
table and you'll see those plates for all</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12242-1
<v Ricky Horton>40 foot and I could purchase them with a
bell burn to the whole.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12242-2
<v Ricky Horton>So and it was a pain trying to find an
inch and 1/4.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12269-0
<v Ricky Horton>Late at 40 foot,
you have it as long back at the only foot</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12269-1
<v Ricky Horton>place for me.
Don't press that smooth plug and steal</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12269-2
<v Ricky Horton>that in Phoenix I would have always come
the clock in between.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12310-0
<v Ricky Horton>They don't respond to the messages.
They can have a check semi on that for a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12310-1
<v Ricky Horton>minute and see if it has to put pages for
that. Well,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12310-2
<v Ricky Horton>that's that's probably still slower than
what you're really running,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12310-3
<v Ricky Horton>but right now maybe is what it's using,
but it's like super slow.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12310-4
<v Ricky Horton>So that would be at least semi on that's
what you're saying.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12332-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, and we could change all this too,
right? You know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12332-1
<v Ricky Horton>we could get out there and change all
these rates to make it match.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12332-2
<v Ricky Horton>I don't if you if you're not really sure
where you want it to be better, then you.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12379-0
<v Ricky Horton>I don't know if you want to like use to
say let me get what half inch would be,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12379-1
<v Ricky Horton>what quarter inch would be,
what one inch would be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12379-2
<v Ricky Horton>I don't know if that's what you want to
do or yeah, well, I mean,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12379-3
<v Ricky Horton>at least we can get it. We can.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12414-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, we did. Yeah.
Do you have a What do you want to change</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12414-1
<v Ricky Horton>it over to Sara?
I'm not sure with Sara or probably.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12414-2
<v Ricky Horton>I think Sara is at least closer than
manual. Manual is being really slow. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12414-3
<v Ricky Horton>the automatic is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12447-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's the problem.
That's why the feed rates. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12447-1
<v Ricky Horton>it gets at least a lot closer to where
we're doing that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12447-2
<v Ricky Horton>And we're only manual as the the the
coding stuff, right. OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12447-3
<v Ricky Horton>so while we're in the here, the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12453-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, get back in there.
We'll we'll repoint the manual to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12456-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, the burn.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12471-0
<v Ricky Horton>Two more down. Keep on going down. Burn.
Keep going up right there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12471-1
<v Ricky Horton>So you got manually code for everything
torch, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12507-0
<v Ricky Horton>Unless I send it out, yeah,
so there's a drop down at the top.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12507-1
<v Ricky Horton>Burn lanes, burn tight lanes.
We'll take the manual.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12507-2
<v Ricky Horton>We'll point that to where we want to go
in for your hand cokes. That would be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12555-0
<v Ricky Horton>We can even rename.
I like renaming these sometimes so that I</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12555-1
<v Ricky Horton>will then like you get some manual dash
papers or something and even the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12555-2
<v Ricky Horton>remediation.
I might change it as well because that's</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12555-3
<v Ricky Horton>what shows in all the formulas and so
that that way you know what these rates</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12555-4
<v Ricky Horton>are.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12558-0
<v Ricky Horton>Right, we'll have a look at it and see.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12567-0
<v Ricky Horton>Or do you change the rating? That's oh,
that's the manual. Got it? Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12605-0
<v Ricky Horton>All right. So what we'll have to do now,
then we got to get back into the labor</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12605-1
<v Ricky Horton>case. We got to be right in trouble.
We're going to do the labor case,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12605-2
<v Ricky Horton>change that formula for the cutting.
So it's supporting at the semi rate</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12605-3
<v Ricky Horton>rather than the manual rate.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12634-0
<v Ricky Horton>And so unchecked.
See if the one below it just put them</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12634-1
<v Ricky Horton>around the read and we'll see if it's the
same.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12638-0
<v Ricky Horton>Which won't be hard to do.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12639-0
<v Ricky Horton>You know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12644-0
<v Ricky Horton>This looks like.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12663-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yes, we'll have to create one for Barnes,
which is no big deal.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12663-1
<v Ricky Horton>You can go to the drop down at the top.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12680-0
<v Ricky Horton>Maintenance and then we'll find that
formula. We'll hit new.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12680-1
<v Ricky Horton>We wanted to find it and just change it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12694-0
<v Ricky Horton>So you have new at the bottom and then in
the edit operation formula is what you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12694-1
<v Ricky Horton>want up there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12710-0
<v Ricky Horton>And just see what's been Burn Man.
Get rid of that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12710-1
<v Ricky Horton>You need to get rid of Burn Man COVID.
Get rid of that whole thing there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12740-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah. And then hit operations down here,
the drop down,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12740-1
<v Ricky Horton>there you go and get your tables and add
operation. There we go.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12740-2
<v Ricky Horton>So now we got there. So hit OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12782-0
<v Ricky Horton>While we're in here,
will that accept that if you have else</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12782-1
<v Ricky Horton>and if? Yeah, yeah,
because it's it's looking at if we can</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12782-2
<v Ricky Horton>share it,
share it based off capacity and if that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12782-3
<v Ricky Horton>is all zero.
So it's going to bypass all that and get</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12782-4
<v Ricky Horton>straight to the burn function. So OK,
so it doesn't expect an argument.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12812-0
<v Ricky Horton>We put it after else. Well,
we we put it after else after the burn</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12812-1
<v Ricky Horton>was in the.
So it's not it's not some of the other</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12812-2
<v Ricky Horton>statements don't have an else and if at
the end of them.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12812-3
<v Ricky Horton>My tip it it it's it's going to be good.
OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12842-0
<v Ricky Horton>Look, while we're here, see the length.
This is what I was telling you about that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12842-1
<v Ricky Horton>was wrong out-of-the-box. In my opinion,
the the the length formula basically says</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12842-2
<v Ricky Horton>width plus length.
That's how much burnout would be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12842-3
<v Ricky Horton>It's really.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12874-0
<v Ricky Horton>With times through late times through,
yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12874-1
<v Ricky Horton>you might need your chain cutting or
something.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12874-2
<v Ricky Horton>It's not necessarily going to be that
same thing,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12874-3
<v Ricky Horton>but what I typically do is I'll just put
a parenthesis around that and then just</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12874-4
<v Ricky Horton>three times 2.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12884-0
<v Ricky Horton>So the default is always cut the
perimeter.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12884-1
<v Ricky Horton>Do do it at the end of the end of the end.
Yeah, now we've done.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12932-0
<v Ricky Horton>Say that again then.
Basically the default is cut approved.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12932-1
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, yeah, if you do better,
the common cuts is fine,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12932-2
<v Ricky Horton>but the default is cut approved, right?
Yeah, I would do that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12932-3
<v Ricky Horton>And like I say out-of-the-box,
I'll bet you 90% of this.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12980-0
<v Ricky Horton>In the United States that are using this
and that included that they're only</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12980-1
<v Ricky Horton>getting with the line, yeah,
especially with what we're doing for,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12980-2
<v Ricky Horton>we're cutting base plates and all these
small parts when we are going around the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12980-3
<v Ricky Horton>perimeter. Does that make sense?
You might want to go ahead and change.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12980-4
<v Ricky Horton>There's another two formulas here with
times length that we're going to do the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12980-5
<v Ricky Horton>times too as well.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/12985-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yes, yes,
because if you go back and use those.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13007-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm just afraid that you'll get the same
thing. Good point.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13007-1
<v Ricky Horton>The weary traveler will step into our
traffic again. Yeah, it should be good.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13032-0
<v Ricky Horton>Since April, yeah,
it should be that that one right there at</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13032-1
<v Ricky Horton>least. Um, you got that one.
I guess you got both of those when we</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13032-2
<v Ricky Horton>added the one at the bottom, right?
You might if you if you want to take that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13032-3
<v Ricky Horton>bottom one.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13035-0
<v Ricky Horton>Oh, yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry. Go ahead.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13055-0
<v Ricky Horton>You might want to move that up.
That might be you won't have to struggle</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13055-1
<v Ricky Horton>when you get a fix all this.
You're going to have to change every</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13055-2
<v Ricky Horton>formula.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13075-0
<v Ricky Horton>Cool.
So now we have all the blank rules just</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13075-1
<v Ricky Horton>need to be changed to that or to play the
labor case. Excuse me, right? Terminology.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13091-0
<v Ricky Horton>Uh, you were changing.
You had hit me on the labor day.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13091-1
<v Ricky Horton>We don't need to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13098-0
<v Ricky Horton>Just click on what you want to realize.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13102-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm sorry, I've looked back to driver.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13104-0
<v Ricky Horton>Should be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13114-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, that's quite true. That's cool.
I think it'll be more accurate, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13123-0
<v Ricky Horton>And I would imagine that's still going to
be slow, but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13149-0
<v Ricky Horton>We'll have.
We'll have worst case scenario covered.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13149-1
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, actually, I don't know.
We may not be changing now because it was</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13149-2
<v Ricky Horton>using with the link at the very slow.
Oh yeah, there you go.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13149-3
<v Ricky Horton>So I don't want to sit on that with.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13163-0
<v Ricky Horton>With them to be late, so I don't know.
I'll be accurate. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13163-1
<v Ricky Horton>I guess or more accurate.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13165-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13168-0
<v Ricky Horton>Oh, did they have any information?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13183-0
<v Ricky Horton>This is why I love this,
so customers can't hold everything from</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13183-1
<v Ricky Horton>long believe that it's so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13190-0
<v Ricky Horton>I mean,
they got people on the system and don't</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13190-1
<v Ricky Horton>use it, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13243-0
<v Ricky Horton>I know you're pulling this out into
another spreadsheet right now,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13243-1
<v Ricky Horton>but if we are affecting every estimate in
the system,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13243-2
<v Ricky Horton>so if you want all the estimates that are
that have been in there to be what they</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13243-3
<v Ricky Horton>were,
we we would need the global edit on</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13243-4
<v Ricky Horton>better label.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13272-0
<v Ricky Horton>Labor archive, yeah,
you could put labor archive one day or</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13272-1
<v Ricky Horton>something, so it's through it.
That's still a lot,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13272-2
<v Ricky Horton>but it better change the hours,
but you may not get back and look at it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13272-3
<v Ricky Horton>after the fact.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13283-0
<v Ricky Horton>No, I think, I think,
I don't think this has been as fast as.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13285-0
<v Ricky Horton>So.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13287-0
<v Ricky Horton>So that's good.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13298-0
<v Ricky Horton>You need to see the lighting screens at
all. You want them in a different order.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13304-0
<v Ricky Horton>Going in order of the rose to Michelle.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13311-0
<v Ricky Horton>So the burn makes the cut.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13313-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13321-0
<v Ricky Horton>Attention to my son,
so the one you already have that is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13329-0
<v Ricky Horton>There's a reading about ACP's and you
said plus for the eight group.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13329-1
<v Ricky Horton>I like the trend. What did you talk to?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13373-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
but you can get the database is all you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13373-1
<v Ricky Horton>think. I don't have a chance to test it.
I won't forget any of this.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13373-2
<v Ricky Horton>I'll try messing with that for.
I'll see if we can get into it. Chris,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13373-3
<v Ricky Horton>choose. Yeah. No, we shouldn't get.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13384-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm gonna be awesome fried chicken. Yeah,
you can share the fried chicken.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13384-1
<v Ricky Horton>That's what we heard for sitting in this
safety training room all day here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13418-0
<v Ricky Horton>This last day of the audit, Yeah,
last day of the audit at the facility.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13418-1
<v Ricky Horton>The last day of it was field. Yeah,
so that's the last three day in the field</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13418-2
<v Ricky Horton>as well.
That was like just one of the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13418-3
<v Ricky Horton>environmental audit.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13433-0
<v Ricky Horton>There's an environment that's separate,
separate entity.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13433-1
<v Ricky Horton>That's why I think Chris is not able to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13444-0
<v Ricky Horton>We have one.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13445-0
<v Ricky Horton>Was.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13473-0
<v Ricky Horton>If he saw the auditor was digging into
something we were weak on,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13473-1
<v Ricky Horton>he would take that guy down a rabbit
trail a bit of stuff that just to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13473-2
<v Ricky Horton>redirect.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13511-0
<v Ricky Horton>And we have to do AIC, ASME and ISM.
All those audits.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13511-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'm not happy with those guys is I get an
honored one year that tell me to do</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13511-2
<v Ricky Horton>something. Next year,
the next honor will be like,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13511-3
<v Ricky Horton>why are you doing that?
It's like because your guy don't even do</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13511-4
<v Ricky Horton>it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13517-0
<v Ricky Horton>That there is very they were very
inconsistent.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13517-1
<v Ricky Horton>Why is there two other statements?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13539-0
<v Ricky Horton>We could probably change one of one of
them is coming from one field,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13539-1
<v Ricky Horton>one is coming from a different field.
They could, they could probably change,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13539-2
<v Ricky Horton>but yeah, once other.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13564-0
<v Ricky Horton>No, I think it will.
It should be once pointing to that hours</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13564-1
<v Ricky Horton>per piece field and then I think the
other one is coming from all of the labor</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13564-2
<v Ricky Horton>operations that say other.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13586-0
<v Ricky Horton>We'll get it solid and if you want to do,
we just have to change the name of one so</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13586-1
<v Ricky Horton>we know which label is which.
It's all right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13586-2
<v Ricky Horton>The biggest thing I'm having.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13592-0
<v Ricky Horton>You master this sense of grips,
our beliefs.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13611-0
<v Ricky Horton>How can you tell me I can't have 11?
Tell me where there's an 11 or two.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13611-1
<v Ricky Horton>I think the actual prescription was
obviously.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13612-0
<v Ricky Horton>And yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13614-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yep, that's why I can do both.
It's just love and have.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13615-0
<v Ricky Horton>Good.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13619-0
<v Ricky Horton>She got me very appointed.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13620-0
<v Ricky Horton>Oh.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13626-0
<v Ricky Horton>So it might be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13627-0
<v Ricky Horton>Or instead of 30 candidates.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13628-0
<v Ricky Horton>Huge.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13635-0
<v Ricky Horton>It definitely did increase my leg.
Increase what?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13635-1
<v Ricky Horton>Definitely did increase my leg.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13650-0
<v Ricky Horton>Oh, yeah. What was it? Yeah,
it was 148 where we also have it in K to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13650-1
<v Ricky Horton>the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13654-0
<v Ricky Horton>So which was?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13657-0
<v Ricky Horton>close.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13660-0
<v Ricky Horton>close to 100 hours.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13663-0
<v Ricky Horton>On me.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13665-0
<v Ricky Horton>So I'm just going to SP3 and see.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13667-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13668-0
<v Ricky Horton>Thank you.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13669-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13675-0
<v Ricky Horton>Purple feels super expensive.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13704-0
<v Ricky Horton>Ridiculous.
Nice part is is we just figured out that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13704-1
<v Ricky Horton>since we're not pushing our projects over
and trying to sync all of our budgets</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13704-2
<v Ricky Horton>with it,
we can now be in the minimum planning.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13741-0
<v Ricky Horton>And still do small estimates and
proposals and changes and stuff inside of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13741-1
<v Ricky Horton>this.
Some of the people are using this system,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13741-2
<v Ricky Horton>but for a while there was based on
roading,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13741-3
<v Ricky Horton>so we were almost speaking like serious
cash.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13754-0
<v Ricky Horton>These would force proposals and stuff.
Yeah, we could tackle and get rid of,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13754-1
<v Ricky Horton>yeah. So going on the end, so that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13799-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
to my understanding that they're phasing</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13799-1
<v Ricky Horton>this out.
So if you don't have access to it,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13799-2
<v Ricky Horton>the training on the system. Oh,
so don't you?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13799-3
<v Ricky Horton>So what is the new system basically?
The new system is to my understanding how</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13799-4
<v Ricky Horton>you build.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13828-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's going to be whether they're doing
bids in and then tentative proposals</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13828-1
<v Ricky Horton>until 100% of estimating is moved into
Tekla and we can generate proposals from</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13828-2
<v Ricky Horton>everything from here.
So it sounds like it's going to be Tekla</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13828-3
<v Ricky Horton>heavy bid heavy work.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13861-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
they do not want us to be continuing on</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13861-1
<v Ricky Horton>this,
but I mean up until like last week this</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13861-2
<v Ricky Horton>Austin Revolution Industrial.
So they clearly have made changes in here</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13861-3
<v Ricky Horton>and now this is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13892-0
<v Ricky Horton>This is actually recycling and I think if
I generate a proposal now,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13892-1
<v Ricky Horton>it shows a long road in here towards just
last week when I generated the proposal</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13892-2
<v Ricky Horton>for a bid that I submitted, it was it was.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13897-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, so I need to start now 6:09.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13923-0
<v Ricky Horton>What's the difference?
What's what the definitions are?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13923-1
<v Ricky Horton>What's the?
I guess it's kind of a similar similar</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13923-2
<v Ricky Horton>software.
It just has a different structure to it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13939-0
<v Ricky Horton>Um,
this was set up with everything being</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13939-1
<v Ricky Horton>overhead, structured,
built into your numbers.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13939-2
<v Ricky Horton>Heavy bit is very.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13977-0
<v Ricky Horton>Overhead has its own items and broken out
a lot early.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13977-1
<v Ricky Horton>Each labor item is track to its own
extent,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13977-2
<v Ricky Horton>so a lot more visibility for everything
across the board,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13977-3
<v Ricky Horton>whereas this has a lot of unknowns left
into this is what we know covers all of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/13977-4
<v Ricky Horton>this.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14018-0
<v Ricky Horton>Heavy bins. Yeah, yeah, heavy bird.
Heavy bin is usually they have the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14018-1
<v Ricky Horton>ability to do their field takeoffs and do
all that kind of stuff in there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14018-2
<v Ricky Horton>Or you can do something similar in there,
but heavy bin has a lot more.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14032-0
<v Ricky Horton>All more to it, but it's it's not,
it's not, it's not,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14032-1
<v Ricky Horton>so they're going to expect to do for
detection.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14061-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, this report. Yeah. Yeah.
So I I need to request. Yes. So yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14061-1
<v Ricky Horton>this one we went in 150 in hours.
Might as well. I mean,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14061-2
<v Ricky Horton>I assume we can get a heavy bid.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14085-0
<v Ricky Horton>So 150 there is side of divider.
I believe it's this fast execution.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14085-1
<v Ricky Horton>So I don't know one of the estimating
side of the Saints gets that runs by</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14085-2
<v Ricky Horton>there are two separated three.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14102-0
<v Ricky Horton>So and what I plugged in for pain was 70
hours, so pain's pretty close.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14102-1
<v Ricky Horton>In fact it is slightly up there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14109-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well, in this people in mind with pain,
we.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14110-0
<v Ricky Horton>Uh.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14123-0
<v Ricky Horton>We put it in the rate without considering
the efficiency.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14131-0
<v Ricky Horton>So if you put that at 100,
you probably have.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14140-0
<v Ricky Horton>Your 70 ish, so you know,
kind of gotta figure out what to do there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14141-0
<v Ricky Horton>Secrets.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14178-0
<v Ricky Horton>So efficiency,
what docs to hours or docs to dollars?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14178-1
<v Ricky Horton>So if it's at the hours, OK,
so if it's at 90% efficiency,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14178-2
<v Ricky Horton>what it does,
it takes the calculation of the hours,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14178-3
<v Ricky Horton>divides it by .9 to bump it up so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14179-0
<v Ricky Horton>You.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14185-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's what this should be part of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14195-0
<v Ricky Horton>So to me the the the next biggest concern
would be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14237-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
I know the total hours will be in use</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14237-1
<v Ricky Horton>from here typically, if I'm not mistaken,
but it's totally being redistributed.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14237-2
<v Ricky Horton>So do we need to do that work,
that distribution of hours in here or do</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14237-3
<v Ricky Horton>they just need to stop doing what they're
doing and just say this is what we're</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14237-4
<v Ricky Horton>using?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14281-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well,
this this is what they need to be using</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14281-1
<v Ricky Horton>here for for what they're doing, I guess.
And a lot of times if I'm not completely</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14281-2
<v Ricky Horton>going up with something,
all we would run if if they didn't use</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14281-3
<v Ricky Horton>that one to do it,
all they would run their estimate.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14329-0
<v Ricky Horton>So that there's something in here that
has this breakout. Yeah, until this point,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14329-1
<v Ricky Horton>it was all some in general category.
So now this has worked out the way that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14329-2
<v Ricky Horton>my form is requesting the information to
be given to me and I think it's going to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14329-3
<v Ricky Horton>be a.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14372-0
<v Ricky Horton>Beneficial.
I think I heard yesterday or day before.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14372-1
<v Ricky Horton>Well, it's always going to be very high.
Yeah, the ratio here,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14372-2
<v Ricky Horton>I think that's what I've heard is the
ratio between fit up and well is never</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14372-3
<v Ricky Horton>right coming out of Tekla and you guys
are making adjustments to take.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14396-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well time and move it to fit out time.
Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14396-1
<v Ricky Horton>I think I was here something like that.
Yeah, that sound right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14396-2
<v Ricky Horton>That does sound right,
especially in this in this situation.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14416-0
<v Ricky Horton>And now you see this work program here.
This is that heavy vin. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14416-1
<v Ricky Horton>he's saying heavy heavy work is a field.
I think it's their field.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14421-0
<v Ricky Horton>Instructions. Well,
are they using it here?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14458-0
<v Ricky Horton>You say you're at this facility,
so you know, like I don't know either.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14458-1
<v Ricky Horton>Probably not. There's you. Yeah,
that's me. And they bid for estimating.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14458-2
<v Ricky Horton>There's one of the field guys running a
software.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14479-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's I'm not sure what they're doing to
be honest. I heard it at work,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14479-1
<v Ricky Horton>but I don't know who I heard it from.
We've I mean it changes,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14479-2
<v Ricky Horton>changes so much so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14480-0
<v Ricky Horton>Oh.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14482-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, so this.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14496-0
<v Ricky Horton>This is the incident intact one.
This is what's about to be released</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14496-1
<v Ricky Horton>before.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14521-0
<v Ricky Horton>We have 150 hours will be estimated for
this originally and this was the manual</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14521-1
<v Ricky Horton>breakout that was put together on this
and then.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14527-0
<v Ricky Horton>This is why we have.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14533-0
<v Ricky Horton>My question then would be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14537-0
<v Ricky Horton>What's right? That's a big question.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14566-0
<v Ricky Horton>If we can adjust this or whatever what it
is,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14566-1
<v Ricky Horton>just what what is what what is right or
they are they.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14566-2
<v Ricky Horton>And I'm I'm assuming Mark's doing this
person. Yeah. So it is that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14584-0
<v Ricky Horton>It was also 100% efficiency and we can
see well is closed. It is not.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14584-1
<v Ricky Horton>Burn is closed. That was not. That's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14607-0
<v Ricky Horton>So 27 + 7 + 30 plus. Yeah,
that's like 100%. That's like 100.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14607-1
<v Ricky Horton>We're gonna get 75. They're running at 75.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14613-0
<v Ricky Horton>And even so go back in here and take this.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14626-0
<v Ricky Horton>75% see where,
see where much the differences are yet.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14673-0
<v Ricky Horton>I can see the reason you want to estimate
at 100% because you're going to want to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14673-1
<v Ricky Horton>know and then you make the adjustments,
you run over and look at 75%.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14673-2
<v Ricky Horton>We want to get that number closer,
but estimating at the lower rate.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14680-0
<v Ricky Horton>That just adds another tweaking factor in.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14683-0
<v Ricky Horton>So we'll see.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14694-0
<v Ricky Horton>But it will also say nobody runs it 100%
on time.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14746-0
<v Ricky Horton>And the problem is this one day we're
building a canopy,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14746-1
<v Ricky Horton>one day we're building 6 line stainless
for all.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14746-2
<v Ricky Horton>One day we're building aluminum rail,
the next day we're throwing boxes in the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14746-3
<v Ricky Horton>mix and then the next day we have
structural columns in it. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14746-4
<v Ricky Horton>so and because of that,
we're not efficient.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14775-0
<v Ricky Horton>You're switching up all the work and you
don't have a really good system going on</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14775-1
<v Ricky Horton>one thing and you're about to. Thank you.
I think 75% scandal way out of there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14775-2
<v Ricky Horton>Looks like he's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14807-0
<v Ricky Horton>All this discussion,
so it looks like he's using the basic</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14807-1
<v Ricky Horton>breakdowns of burging that before.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14859-0
<v Ricky Horton>But he's redistributing fit up and well,
redistributing,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14859-1
<v Ricky Horton>handling it cut because the fit up well
is essential on both the tunnels and both</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14859-2
<v Ricky Horton>are essentially the same hours.
So it looks like he's redistributing it,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14859-3
<v Ricky Horton>redistributing it. Excuse me.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14889-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I'm going to bet.
Let's see what the difference in the will</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14889-1
<v Ricky Horton>is right here. So we've got 61.
95 total hours.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14889-2
<v Ricky Horton>The bottom one is 100 and yes,
it's like it's like the top.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14905-0
<v Ricky Horton>He's about 120 because you got 6135,
that's 100, 119.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14933-0
<v Ricky Horton>We got a 40% difference in weld.
Go back into power fab real quick,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14933-1
<v Ricky Horton>go up to maintenance,
estimating even labor maintenance and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14933-2
<v Ricky Horton>weld.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14962-0
<v Ricky Horton>Was 150 the actual 150?
Remember when we saw the job before it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14962-1
<v Ricky Horton>was 119 and there was that overage?
That's why I remember seeing that you're</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/14962-2
<v Ricky Horton>got the fillet wheel manual quarter inch.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15005-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, 6 foot three.
So I consider this right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15005-1
<v Ricky Horton>That's why I was like, OK, 40% difference.
I consider this rate about 40% slower.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15005-2
<v Ricky Horton>I usually will see the rate per hour
around 11:50 feet.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15005-3
<v Ricky Horton>So the 10 feet is around 40.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15042-0
<v Ricky Horton>40% difference. So yeah,
I'm wondering if we change,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15042-1
<v Ricky Horton>if we sped this up,
now you're waiting times will come down,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15042-2
<v Ricky Horton>then again we we redistribute.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15074-0
<v Ricky Horton>Those hours and you guys,
you got all those,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15074-1
<v Ricky Horton>you just change the quarter inch ones and
make the other ones go, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15074-2
<v Ricky Horton>bring that out-of-the-box.
The the if you put a a filled well on</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15074-3
<v Ricky Horton>some out-of-the-box,
you should put a quarter still on it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15121-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then you can you,
I think you created some other ones,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15121-1
<v Ricky Horton>right.
But it's pretty much a pipeline where</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15121-2
<v Ricky Horton>you're saying you're like more inch to
four days probably or whatever.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15121-3
<v Ricky Horton>So we could change those,
those few in that range and see where it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15121-4
<v Ricky Horton>goes and yeah, you you certainly.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15134-0
<v Ricky Horton>So let me ask you this,
when when this calculation happens for</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15134-1
<v Ricky Horton>quarter inch, they'll run a single pass.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15184-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, depending on the type. Well,
the quarters is right there in the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15184-1
<v Ricky Horton>morning 2 passes,
3/8 is 33/8 is definitely more than one</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15184-2
<v Ricky Horton>pass.
So how does the math look if you're just</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15184-3
<v Ricky Horton>putting in the rank,
it's not bigger at the point.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15184-4
<v Ricky Horton>It's not bigger,
but it's going to extrapolate against the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15184-5
<v Ricky Horton>length. It's going to multiply by length.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15228-0
<v Ricky Horton>So if you put a,
let's let's take something simple.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15228-1
<v Ricky Horton>Let's say my rate is 5 feet per hour for
three inch. That's what I know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15228-2
<v Ricky Horton>I know guys can go faster than that,
but that's just the estimated rate for a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15228-3
<v Ricky Horton>three pass level when it's half inch.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15271-0
<v Ricky Horton>When it's half inch, yeah,
you're going to do 6 pass, whatever,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15271-1
<v Ricky Horton>5 pass and the quarter inch rate.
I'm used to seeing this can't put and you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15271-2
<v Ricky Horton>can whale a whole lot faster than that up,
honestly, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15271-3
<v Ricky Horton>That's what that's where most people are.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15315-0
<v Ricky Horton>In that range for estimated purchase.
Yeah, of course you have to figure out,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15315-1
<v Ricky Horton>you know, what you put in.
And I get asked all the time, what is,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15315-2
<v Ricky Horton>what does that consist of? Well,
most people do consider yourself a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15315-3
<v Ricky Horton>machine playing, uh, sure, you know,
knocking the beans off.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15315-4
<v Ricky Horton>I guess they put all that in there.
So absolutely.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15325-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, so um,
that's and this is figuring like a big</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15325-1
<v Ricky Horton>bug, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15367-0
<v Ricky Horton>You're right. Yes, I agree with you. Well,
if I I'm saying to whatever you want it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15367-1
<v Ricky Horton>to be, OK, why not?
Because like we can get a stitch.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15367-2
<v Ricky Horton>I get asked all the time. OK,
what's the pattern in the stitch?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15367-3
<v Ricky Horton>It's a rate. Yeah, that's what it means.
It's just a rate.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15405-0
<v Ricky Horton>Now I've built stitch rails for different
patterns,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15405-1
<v Ricky Horton>but all of this is just the right.
So consider what you want it to be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15405-2
<v Ricky Horton>I can consider,
I can consider manual to be, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15405-3
<v Ricky Horton>for about willing if I wanted to.
I'm just putting whatever rate I want for</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15405-4
<v Ricky Horton>that particular process here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15406-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15407-0
<v Ricky Horton>Kind of flip flat.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15421-0
<v Ricky Horton>Uh,
when you probably want to be on your main</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15421-1
<v Ricky Horton>shop,
'cause that's the one that that you're</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15421-2
<v Ricky Horton>using, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15455-0
<v Ricky Horton>Which, which main node?
I guess I was thinking not. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15455-1
<v Ricky Horton>I was thinking that was the one you were
using. We can get a look.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15455-2
<v Ricky Horton>This is the one that we added last time
you were here so that we could tweak</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15455-3
<v Ricky Horton>numbers and move them around.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15484-0
<v Ricky Horton>So what's being used to best?
What's the main? Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15484-1
<v Ricky Horton>it means the the last one to change.
So do we want to then go to 3/8?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15484-2
<v Ricky Horton>Put in your What did you say?
I was thinking the same thing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15512-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's why I actually have it much slower
here. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15512-1
<v Ricky Horton>it's just whatever is the standard here.
I'm used to using 5 feet and then and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15512-2
<v Ricky Horton>then do you want to do like 5-6 feet
somewhere in between there and the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15512-3
<v Ricky Horton>calendar there?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15517-0
<v Ricky Horton>They go back and fix one eggs too.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15552-0
<v Ricky Horton>So what happens? You know,
the estimator probably not gonna notice,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15552-1
<v Ricky Horton>but when you guys do these beams,
these buildups and now you go from a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15552-2
<v Ricky Horton>manual process to submark.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15608-0
<v Ricky Horton>At the estimating stage,
would they ever do that or in the future</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15608-1
<v Ricky Horton>will they do that?
Are you going to have a sub arc or a sub</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15608-2
<v Ricky Horton>arc is still encapsulated within? Well,
because it will be right, I've created.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15608-3
<v Ricky Horton>I've created another right.
You're going to use them a lot when</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15608-4
<v Ricky Horton>you're going to have to make another.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15650-0
<v Ricky Horton>I wouldn't do it yet.
If I grade on already thinking because we</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15650-1
<v Ricky Horton>know that when we Weld some work on a
boom,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15650-2
<v Ricky Horton>we know the machine can do 22 inches a
minute. We know that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15678-0
<v Ricky Horton>And it's a two pass well for us all the
way up to half inch inside,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15678-1
<v Ricky Horton>outside two pass well, we're done. Yeah,
and that one was more of the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15745-0
<v Ricky Horton>We don't think you have enough data right
now to because you did one job and you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15745-1
<v Ricky Horton>could do it,
but if you started doing sub arc welding</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15745-2
<v Ricky Horton>lobby work,
you need to deal with that because that's</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15745-3
<v Ricky Horton>something. I'll met with shop last week.
I forget what the what the assembly was</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15745-4
<v Ricky Horton>and they were working on the shop done,
but they they want.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15747-0
<v Ricky Horton>Job.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15779-0
<v Ricky Horton>But then they when it came down to the
they they need some work. It was savings,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15779-1
<v Ricky Horton>but it if were you guys were welding it
like this, like this, you know?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15800-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
working working one way back and forth.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15800-1
<v Ricky Horton>So today we're talking about running them
and we we could be that switching it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15800-2
<v Ricky Horton>around so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15802-0
<v Ricky Horton>But I hear how many are left to do.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15811-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well,
you got to plan average to see if I can</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15811-1
<v Ricky Horton>see.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15845-0
<v Ricky Horton>Maybe we should change the envelope for
18316 quarter 516 to 380.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15845-1
<v Ricky Horton>That's the most standard on the airport.
Yeah, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15865-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, and those ones are, those ones are.
I'm sure we got 10 foot, 5, sixteens, 8,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15865-1
<v Ricky Horton>six creates 5 foot.
Then how about 3/16 and 1/83/16?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15881-0
<v Ricky Horton>Seven and 1/8. Yeah.
And what do you got for quarter? Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15881-1
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah. So we'll do that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15906-0
<v Ricky Horton>I can do the tech study on at the late
time, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15906-1
<v Ricky Horton>and just so that we can have that.
So I'll have to check them out because</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15906-2
<v Ricky Horton>they should have gotten that done last
week,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15906-3
<v Ricky Horton>but having them do it 45 to be better
long and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15908-0
<v Ricky Horton>One inch.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15913-0
<v Ricky Horton>3 eights half inch. Yeah,
you do it that way. So you can cover your,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15913-1
<v Ricky Horton>you got to do that double.
And then something, OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15913-2
<v Ricky Horton>a single level or a double level, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15949-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
he's like to say you can update the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15949-1
<v Ricky Horton>retention anyway.
Let's get to the ballpark. All right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15949-2
<v Ricky Horton>So we've brought the wheel down,
down the pit where we need to get back up.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15949-3
<v Ricky Horton>So the question is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15984-0
<v Ricky Horton>How much?
A bunch of operations to change your lab.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15984-1
<v Ricky Horton>And what I would probably do is say, OK,
where do we want that to be?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15984-2
<v Ricky Horton>What percentage is that?
And we'll see everything that is going to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15984-3
<v Ricky Horton>fit up.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15996-0
<v Ricky Horton>We will just.
It made the easiest thing to do. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/15996-1
<v Ricky Horton>but we have.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16004-0
<v Ricky Horton>In order to and still need to have,
we've just doubled.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16004-1
<v Ricky Horton>I was going to say we're basically about
50%. Yep.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16004-2
<v Ricky Horton>So let's try that and see what it does.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16042-0
<v Ricky Horton>Like your standards.
Do they have any bid for shop segregation</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16042-1
<v Ricky Horton>as many as well or just for a few?
They have. They have.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16042-2
<v Ricky Horton>It's just this morning.
I always wish they were just across the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16042-3
<v Ricky Horton>board.
We're doing all the things like this for</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16042-4
<v Ricky Horton>this, you know?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16045-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well, Mr.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16064-0
<v Ricky Horton>Tells I'm a lot of Mr. Jason.
You never know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16064-1
<v Ricky Horton>We've been doing this five times here.
You know we got five groups of materials.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16064-2
<v Ricky Horton>So I don't think shoot your room need to
do.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16070-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well,
we can probably tell what you want with</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16070-1
<v Ricky Horton>this once going to fear.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16079-0
<v Ricky Horton>I guess the the layout is going to get a
few as well, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16087-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, you know, layout stuff.
I'm not sure.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16095-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I'll lay up and check stuff.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16096-0
<v Ricky Horton>I just gotta be only if you will change.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16099-0
<v Ricky Horton>But.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16101-0
<v Ricky Horton>So.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16104-0
<v Ricky Horton>At 2:50 so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16105-0
<v Ricky Horton>Then.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16112-0
<v Ricky Horton>75's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16120-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'll take a little nap while you're doing
this, but it's all right. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16131-0
<v Ricky Horton>It wasn't quiet out there.
It must be on break. Oh yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16131-1
<v Ricky Horton>it's 10:40 when they're on lunch.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16137-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I couldn't tell. I see it set up.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16144-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, there's about five boxes left. Yeah,
sorry.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16146-0
<v Ricky Horton>Somebody to change.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16148-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm sorry, 0.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16150-0
<v Ricky Horton>Why is that?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16164-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well, to punish Nathan,
you don't need to get up.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16164-1
<v Ricky Horton>That's why it's sincere.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16171-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm just mad for it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16173-0
<v Ricky Horton>We're going to do it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16181-0
<v Ricky Horton>Thank you.
I'm crypt and blah blah calculator.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16181-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'm pretty good at math.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16182-0
<v Ricky Horton>Repeat.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16185-0
<v Ricky Horton>633367 I think I think so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16188-0
<v Ricky Horton>Oh.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16190-0
<v Ricky Horton>No, no, baby.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16195-0
<v Ricky Horton>The chicken ain't here yet.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16227-0
<v Ricky Horton>Like level. I've never done one.
So all we're doing is we get more</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16227-1
<v Ricky Horton>realistic well times and we make up for
the time we've been using by adding it to,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16227-2
<v Ricky Horton>you know, the layout. Yeah, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16240-0
<v Ricky Horton>Then we have a run that against the
sample size.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16240-1
<v Ricky Horton>Now we're looking at one and we're going
to look at it at 36.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16247-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's got 6892 with 136.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16259-0
<v Ricky Horton>Was Mark going to give you a bunch of
jobs?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16259-1
<v Ricky Horton>Was Mark going to give you a bunch of
jobs?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16264-0
<v Ricky Horton>I was kind of halfway.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16281-0
<v Ricky Horton>And that's why I wondered if it mattered.
I don't want to be where we wanted to be,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16281-1
<v Ricky Horton>but it yeah, it looks like.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16337-0
<v Ricky Horton>It looks. I bet she's got,
I bet she's got one. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16337-1
<v Ricky Horton>we could get back to what they're
actually.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16337-2
<v Ricky Horton>We just appoint one schedule and then go
back to the jobs now and see if it comes</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16337-3
<v Ricky Horton>out right.
You get that same e-mail when every</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16337-4
<v Ricky Horton>single job,
every single release it says here's the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16337-5
<v Ricky Horton>hours we're using.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16343-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yes,
we we can go back and check a bunch of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16343-1
<v Ricky Horton>those, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16375-0
<v Ricky Horton>But I think you have to check it at 2
levels because I have a feeling that Mark</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16375-1
<v Ricky Horton>is correcting the the older pattern
because yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16375-2
<v Ricky Horton>they're going to be changed and that's
why they came out exactly the same</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16375-3
<v Ricky Horton>because somebody's modified. I know.
So it's got to go back up a level, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16382-0
<v Ricky Horton>But I have a feeling now if they run it
through check the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16390-0
<v Ricky Horton>We're building it to the matchbox hours,
OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16397-0
<v Ricky Horton>Now we'll test the system.
This this should.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16405-0
<v Ricky Horton>What times takes a while to do this?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16409-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's how it would.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16414-0
<v Ricky Horton>He gave me something hard to do.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16416-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's my back here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16424-0
<v Ricky Horton>He's gotta get this damn thing run for
two weeks, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16427-0
<v Ricky Horton>Just to grab a beep.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16434-0
<v Ricky Horton>I wish. Let's go. It's not.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16438-0
<v Ricky Horton>Better have gone to Barloway last night.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16439-0
<v Ricky Horton>And.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16441-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16455-0
<v Ricky Horton>Or it was, uh, let me see.
Let me they didn't have those two burgers,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16455-1
<v Ricky Horton>Tuesday burger. We had like, uh,
$8 burgers.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16470-0
<v Ricky Horton>Check your. That's great. Yeah,
it's fixed. Yeah, I'm kidding.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16470-1
<v Ricky Horton>These aren't what I have is gonna be good.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16507-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, that's what we did a minute ago.
Yeah, OK, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16507-1
<v Ricky Horton>but we're going to the end shade families.
So we did all the these lectures. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16507-2
<v Ricky Horton>channels and everything.
That would be all anything that's taller</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16507-3
<v Ricky Horton>than the spice.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16508-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16509-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16540-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's it.
Somebody got to determine what percentage</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16540-1
<v Ricky Horton>we're going to use to 75% of pay numbers
we ever want.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16540-2
<v Ricky Horton>I think 75% of the estimated amount is
not right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16548-0
<v Ricky Horton>So I I I go to find the other one thing
because.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16558-0
<v Ricky Horton>I don't think anybody's runs 100%
efficient and I think.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16563-0
<v Ricky Horton>I mean, I understand your reasons, but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16574-0
<v Ricky Horton>The reasoning is we want to know what it
actually takes, but I get that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16624-0
<v Ricky Horton>If we if we had time studies and we knew
all these were real,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16624-1
<v Ricky Horton>then I would agree with you that if you
have one. But I don't know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16624-2
<v Ricky Horton>I don't believe we have the right time
studies yet. I agree with you.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16624-3
<v Ricky Horton>So until we get the right steps,
in my opinion, you have to be more like .</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16624-4
<v Ricky Horton>9.
So one of the things I would do a lot of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16624-5
<v Ricky Horton>times.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16641-0
<v Ricky Horton>Say my were busy. Yeah,
I would start adding contingency 'cause I</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16641-1
<v Ricky Horton>knew that other queries were not as fast
as my. Yeah, I mean.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16657-0
<v Ricky Horton>There's so many ways to tweak it, right?
There is. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16657-1
<v Ricky Horton>It's just when it's being tweaked in the
background,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16657-2
<v Ricky Horton>you don't actually know what it is, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16700-0
<v Ricky Horton>I also know if we can keep the shop on
over time, 45 and 50 more efficient.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16700-1
<v Ricky Horton>Oh yeah,
once we've got over 52 hours a week,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16700-2
<v Ricky Horton>then then cover the comments that we made
yesterday.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16700-3
<v Ricky Horton>You wouldn't have guys standing around.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16735-0
<v Ricky Horton>Wondering where you're going with your
time,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16735-1
<v Ricky Horton>which job are you going to put the time
on? Well, that's the crazy part.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16735-2
<v Ricky Horton>I think we were three years ago. I was,
I was working 70 hours a week trying to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16735-3
<v Ricky Horton>push packages out to the shop,
programming and purchasing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16776-0
<v Ricky Horton>And the shop was working 708090 hours a
day. We were always busy,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16776-1
<v Ricky Horton>always ever coming in.
And there's between estimators just</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16776-2
<v Ricky Horton>rewarding shop only work to us supporting
the field with anything and everything</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16776-3
<v Ricky Horton>that they needed. Always.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16816-0
<v Ricky Horton>Now it's, I mean, so what changed?
I guess the department doesn't,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16816-1
<v Ricky Horton>doesn't support us nearly as much as they
used to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16816-2
<v Ricky Horton>We'll send them their opportunities and
we'll sit on that until that's the way</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16816-3
<v Ricky Horton>that's the due date or won't we get it at
all.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16858-0
<v Ricky Horton>But what are they? I mean,
I hear that they want to keep hiring</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16858-1
<v Ricky Horton>estimators.
They're doing what's estimating when</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16858-2
<v Ricky Horton>rates are really low.
Are we just chasing along with the work?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16858-3
<v Ricky Horton>That could be,
that could be a portion of it,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16858-4
<v Ricky Horton>but a lot of the work we're looking at
were.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16889-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think some of it's our labor rates too,
because we're charging big shop rates and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16889-1
<v Ricky Horton>we're we don't have big shop and when we
end up having to put your more money into</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16889-2
<v Ricky Horton>subbing things out and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16937-0
<v Ricky Horton>Things out and and then me trying to
account for that in the budget and a lot</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16937-1
<v Ricky Horton>of times I'll deduct hours because
obviously everyone's more efficient.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16937-2
<v Ricky Horton>So I'll deduct that from my labor and
reduce my labor hours and take that extra</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16937-3
<v Ricky Horton>money and put it towards the sub
application bucket.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16973-0
<v Ricky Horton>They're not always considering that and
so that's bringing us sometimes before</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16973-1
<v Ricky Horton>and but most of all of the the fab only
work that we've gotten this year has been</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/16973-2
<v Ricky Horton>stuff that we need remark for bidding.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17007-0
<v Ricky Horton>And it's a lot of the stuff that we're
not getting is that that kind of said the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17007-1
<v Ricky Horton>estimators.
I think they are just as many as they</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17007-2
<v Ricky Horton>were, but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17060-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's a mixture now because they've got
some of the guys who are doing structural</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17060-1
<v Ricky Horton>doing electrical estimates because we're
heavily becoming an electrical company</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17060-2
<v Ricky Horton>because there's so much revenue in that
and so that just feels like their focus</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17060-3
<v Ricky Horton>has shifted to a different area and they
don't give us new.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17080-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's because there's so much more over
there, there's so much more, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17080-1
<v Ricky Horton>that goes into the shop.
That's what I mean, right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17080-2
<v Ricky Horton>So and that's like.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17124-0
<v Ricky Horton>Are we removing the fabrication or what
are we needing? Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17124-1
<v Ricky Horton>I think that's why they want to go after
more custom miscellaneous work that other</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17124-2
<v Ricky Horton>trades don't want to do.
So like the data centers,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17124-3
<v Ricky Horton>they got tons of miscellaneous.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17158-0
<v Ricky Horton>We call it more difficult than average
miscellaneous.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17158-1
<v Ricky Horton>It's not building draft beads and ladders,
you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17158-2
<v Ricky Horton>it's really custom miscellaneous work
that other shops.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17158-3
<v Ricky Horton>They're just afraid to do it, you know?
Yeah, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17158-4
<v Ricky Horton>So the son picked up these skids.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17179-0
<v Ricky Horton>It was 92 skids. Yeah,
it was $40 million worth of work.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17179-1
<v Ricky Horton>There's the other shops. Well,
there's skid shops out there now.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17179-2
<v Ricky Horton>They were full.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17210-0
<v Ricky Horton>And some have never built skids before,
but the K guys that came over there were</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17210-1
<v Ricky Horton>used to building skids.
So they went from a three-man crew to now</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17210-2
<v Ricky Horton>up to an 18 man crew to the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17238-0
<v Ricky Horton>And all they're really doing is
assembling because they don't have,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17238-1
<v Ricky Horton>they don't have any equipment.
There's just assembly.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17238-2
<v Ricky Horton>We call it fusion welding. OK,
so fusion welding, they're buying it out.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17242-0
<v Ricky Horton>We're good. Yeah, reporting to work.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17274-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think you and I are gonna need to align
for what? We're gonna need to align.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17274-1
<v Ricky Horton>Could be. I know.
I think it's easier that way because</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17274-2
<v Ricky Horton>otherwise it's a mixed message coming. OK,
I agree with that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17301-0
<v Ricky Horton>And I I think we're really close on most
tires. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17301-1
<v Ricky Horton>I think you're constructional slowing and
I have tanks, stuff like chairs and like,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17301-2
<v Ricky Horton>yeah,
I think I'm on the structural</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17301-3
<v Ricky Horton>miscellaneous stuff and I think that it's
my.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17331-0
<v Ricky Horton>And So what I'm telling,
what I'm kind of saying is data centers</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17331-1
<v Ricky Horton>are pretty similar. Yeah.
And the interesting part of data centers</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17331-2
<v Ricky Horton>is actually how they're going to give
them power.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17363-0
<v Ricky Horton>Because there's no power for data centers,
that's what everybody's mentioned about.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17363-1
<v Ricky Horton>So they're trying to Congress, you know,
they propose a bill in Congress to stop</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17363-2
<v Ricky Horton>data center build out for a year till
they figure out how to deal with.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17372-0
<v Ricky Horton>Chart with power and water,
because the whole country is that's it's</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17372-1
<v Ricky Horton>hard something.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17373-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17386-0
<v Ricky Horton>And so I think that these data center
people are realizing that if they don't.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17434-0
<v Ricky Horton>You know,
they can't Jack up people's water and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17434-1
<v Ricky Horton>electricity rates because they're getting
unpopular, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17434-2
<v Ricky Horton>I don't know if you guys have noticed
your power bill probably went up 20%.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17434-3
<v Ricky Horton>Mine personally didn't. It's not a old.
I bought a house that was grandfathered</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17434-4
<v Ricky Horton>into the solar system.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17476-0
<v Ricky Horton>I had to replay.
I had to redo all the solar pounds</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17476-1
<v Ricky Horton>because they were so old,
but because I was a grandfather,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17476-2
<v Ricky Horton>I got to keep the old crates.
So mine haven't got enough.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17476-3
<v Ricky Horton>Mine is completely covered by my solar.
I just paid 30 months to stay connected,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17476-4
<v Ricky Horton>but if you're not honest.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17499-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, that is approved. Yeah,
20% increase. I got, well, one did change,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17499-1
<v Ricky Horton>but there is a Corporation Commission
which regulates that allow power</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17499-2
<v Ricky Horton>companies to increase the rates.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17509-0
<v Ricky Horton>376 is that right? Oh, yeah, not not 376.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17527-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, but I think short term,
we're not there. Short term,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17527-1
<v Ricky Horton>we've got to go after some parts of, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17558-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I see.
I'm still getting my feet wet training</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17558-1
<v Ricky Horton>last week, training this week.
You have to meet me as mayors.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17558-2
<v Ricky Horton>I I I I actually thought there would be a
lead here both of this week.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17558-3
<v Ricky Horton>Did you do all your KPA stuff then?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17560-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm still not done.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17603-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm still getting emails. Yeah, I need to.
I'm trying to figure those out.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17603-1
<v Ricky Horton>I tried to prepare a couple of them out
this morning. You know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17603-2
<v Ricky Horton>I can tell me turn my programs.
I need like heavy bit.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17603-3
<v Ricky Horton>I have no idea about.
I've heard of the program,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17603-4
<v Ricky Horton>but I've never used it.
So I'm gonna have to learn to use that,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17603-5
<v Ricky Horton>I guess.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17612-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
some of them are not giving you access to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17612-1
<v Ricky Horton>'cause the license process is too low,
yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17624-0
<v Ricky Horton>Like to me,
Salesforce is what I want to look at,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17624-1
<v Ricky Horton>which is all the opportunities we're
looking, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17672-0
<v Ricky Horton>There's a small job that's worth looking
at that it's probably going to be one for</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17672-1
<v Ricky Horton>a mine and you get to look at the cycle
side of it and the heavy bit side of it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17672-2
<v Ricky Horton>because I went through it with Isaac.
I was sitting in on a call, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17705-0
<v Ricky Horton>He's like you.
He's like making changes so fast and I</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17705-1
<v Ricky Horton>can't even keep up with it.
But he clicked a few things and the price</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17705-2
<v Ricky Horton>I got in a 70 grand and I'm like, whoa,
is that real?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17709-0
<v Ricky Horton>Didn't seem like you moved that much
stuff out.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17710-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17714-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17729-0
<v Ricky Horton>To Isaac worked here for two years and
then he went off to his own business and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17729-1
<v Ricky Horton>then he came back.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17734-0
<v Ricky Horton>I've been here a long time to see all the
OG's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17734-1
<v Ricky Horton>I've seen people come and go back and
forth and it's there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17743-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well, we did plate being too,
got the angle and rods.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17744-0
<v Ricky Horton>It.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17748-0
<v Ricky Horton>Doing good. Yes, I'm cheering you on.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17756-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, it's our thing. Yeah, that's sweet.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17780-0
<v Ricky Horton>The bad thing is when when we go,
then we we evaluate. It's like,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17780-1
<v Ricky Horton>not quite there.
We bump it up a little bit more.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17780-2
<v Ricky Horton>I think they say, yeah,
don't say anything over.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17795-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well, I'll see.
I'll be really good at adjusting and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17795-1
<v Ricky Horton>pushing later. Yeah, yeah.
What's your title? What's your title?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17795-2
<v Ricky Horton>Manager. Advanced application.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17837-0
<v Ricky Horton>They'd like to see the plan or work
correction within three months.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17837-1
<v Ricky Horton>What to do?
I've got some jobs and we calibrated.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17837-2
<v Ricky Horton>I know what I'd like to do,
but I just don't think that's where I'll</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17837-3
<v Ricky Horton>say get to that point.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17867-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK, we'll work on that.
Then they finally got said, oh,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17867-1
<v Ricky Horton>I understand you're looking for a
checkbook.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17867-2
<v Ricky Horton>I'll get to that later today or tomorrow.
That's chief. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17871-0
<v Ricky Horton>Every day came up with some evidence.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17881-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
I tried to do Salesforce and Salesforce</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17881-1
<v Ricky Horton>was a no.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17893-0
<v Ricky Horton>Who's Chris Keller?
Chris Keller is the controls the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17904-0
<v Ricky Horton>He's the head of estimating. Oh, OK,
they're they sent an e-mail to him saying</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17904-1
<v Ricky Horton>about requesting.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17905-0
<v Ricky Horton>10.14.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17930-0
<v Ricky Horton>But he's there left me. It was just,
he's just here. He's now sales,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17930-1
<v Ricky Horton>but he used, in my mind,
he used to report to. They moved to about,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17930-2
<v Ricky Horton>yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17942-0
<v Ricky Horton>Do you know a lot of people here already?
You obviously were some of you. No, no.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17942-1
<v Ricky Horton>This was all last week and this week, OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17943-0
<v Ricky Horton>Good.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17961-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's one of the things I tried to figure
out. I was like,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17961-1
<v Ricky Horton>who are the real people in the touch
points?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17961-2
<v Ricky Horton>Who's got the information on the lot,
yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17991-0
<v Ricky Horton>He just sit down next to Teeth and ask
him questions. He knows all of them. Well,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17991-1
<v Ricky Horton>I know I sit 8 feet away for Teeth,
but I I've been there very much.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/17991-2
<v Ricky Horton>He sat at my desk for 15 minutes and
download the system, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18003-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, so Jeff sent it to Jesse Jackson.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18004-0
<v Ricky Horton>I just.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18014-0
<v Ricky Horton>Say what? Yes. Oh, it's not that. Oh,
you have to work through it, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18021-0
<v Ricky Horton>Did you use the PowerPoint?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18035-0
<v Ricky Horton>They got a lot of programs with her.
I'm honestly, we did that. So yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18071-0
<v Ricky Horton>I said if you want to take probably so
I'll you said we'll jump apart.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18071-1
<v Ricky Horton>So it's very transferred a little to the
office, but it's right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18071-2
<v Ricky Horton>So I just take the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18105-0
<v Ricky Horton>Should have called. I think it was.
I think it was standard.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18153-0
<v Ricky Horton>We were doing something like that,
which is completely different than doing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18153-1
<v Ricky Horton>You know, we have sheets out.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18175-0
<v Ricky Horton>But let's say for these people, did you?
But we lost them a lot. Yeah, I was.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18175-1
<v Ricky Horton>I was like, I guess.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18194-0
<v Ricky Horton>I guess I don't know how to do it though.
It's pretty fun. I don't know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18194-1
<v Ricky Horton>I just want to make investment. You know,
I think 10% margins in that business.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18194-2
<v Ricky Horton>I think that's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18223-0
<v Ricky Horton>So that the structural is very commodity.
It sits in as well.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18223-1
<v Ricky Horton>So if you're going to say I was saying
70%, what's the back end?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18223-2
<v Ricky Horton>I will say because they're making 20% of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18226-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm sure still bad.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18227-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18236-0
<v Ricky Horton>Something like we were doing.
That was the super album. Yeah, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18269-0
<v Ricky Horton>Like we go to there are bringing along
with the impact. That's what it does.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18269-1
<v Ricky Horton>We have that. That's a structure,
skeletal structure,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18269-2
<v Ricky Horton>pharmacy on the inside.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18292-0
<v Ricky Horton>Now that's rats in the skin.
It's got thousands of this, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18292-1
<v Ricky Horton>but we erected it.
If you go inside the Phoenix Convention</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18292-2
<v Ricky Horton>Center.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18314-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's super, you know, feed is super cool.
Mm-hmm. So I can get in there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18314-1
<v Ricky Horton>I was a bit.
I was on the space only to be placed on</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18314-2
<v Ricky Horton>the slide. Oh, I didn't.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18339-0
<v Ricky Horton>We get these. We're going to, yeah,
that's what I think.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18358-0
<v Ricky Horton>Looks better.
Almost right on 3141 versus 3244.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18358-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'd probably be happy with that for now.
I'd be very.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18389-0
<v Ricky Horton>Material handling, you know, whatever.
But so yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18389-1
<v Ricky Horton>so cut basically needs to bump almost
double. Yeah, cut needs to double.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18389-2
<v Ricky Horton>Material handling means 50% for for
giggles. Is there another?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18404-0
<v Ricky Horton>Their job that we could run this against,
I know we're working on a sample size of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18404-1
<v Ricky Horton>blood.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18433-0
<v Ricky Horton>I was just like,
what was that other job that you, uh,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18433-1
<v Ricky Horton>remember which one? So he pulls up a five.
He pulled up a much larger job.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18433-2
<v Ricky Horton>So when that when I see on page one that
had a lot of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18452-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think it was TSMC.
There's a lot of TSMC guides, I'm sure.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18452-1
<v Ricky Horton>Sent these variables,
science points it looks like.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18452-2
<v Ricky Horton>Is that all of this?
Is this preparing the clean noise?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18463-0
<v Ricky Horton>So that's what you said. You're not.
I have a chart going some that's probably</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18463-1
<v Ricky Horton>confused because or if you want to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18470-0
<v Ricky Horton>Set.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18471-0
<v Ricky Horton>This thing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18472-0
<v Ricky Horton>She I got this.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18473-0
<v Ricky Horton>Six.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18477-0
<v Ricky Horton>I don't know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18481-0
<v Ricky Horton>6:02 so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18482-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18488-0
<v Ricky Horton>How are you talking, Johnston?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18503-0
<v Ricky Horton>We have to do a month a day until I heard
it comes here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18503-1
<v Ricky Horton>I tried to I come this morning and you
got a toll.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18521-0
<v Ricky Horton>They're going to see you.
I'm working on doing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18523-0
<v Ricky Horton>What is it?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18547-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's just the whole job.
I based on my job on my walk yesterday at</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18547-1
<v Ricky Horton>the shop, it's like, yeah,
we have a bunch of that here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18547-2
<v Ricky Horton>We just have to buy it up.
And that's just my equipment.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18547-3
<v Ricky Horton>You said the same thing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18586-0
<v Ricky Horton>They can,
but they're not based on the equipment</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18586-1
<v Ricky Horton>that I see here.
It's like basically columns and bigs.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18586-2
<v Ricky Horton>It's like these come through.
So I may have the baseline.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18586-3
<v Ricky Horton>If we if we get it,
then we're just going to talk it out.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18586-4
<v Ricky Horton>That's the problem.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18599-0
<v Ricky Horton>We ought to have it so much.
Somebody's getting this.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18599-1
<v Ricky Horton>I think it's the waste.
It's in my opinion. No,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18599-2
<v Ricky Horton>it's the same thing I say.
I just walk in the door, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18599-3
<v Ricky Horton>Nobody said.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18626-0
<v Ricky Horton>We're trying to say this works.
I haven't talked to Jeff since I've been.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18626-1
<v Ricky Horton>I I met him. Jeff,
John and Jimmy because it's only</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18626-2
<v Ricky Horton>interviewed me.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18642-0
<v Ricky Horton>So I met. I had never met.
He was on my original role.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18650-0
<v Ricky Horton>And my first day,
I didn't know he's in my office. Uh,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18650-1
<v Ricky Horton>what was that?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18658-0
<v Ricky Horton>I don't really have, so it's so easy.
Yeah, people here most of the most of the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18686-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm supposed to be being with you,
the guys, 2 desks behind me.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18686-1
<v Ricky Horton>I don't know where he's at.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18689-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, that's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18695-0
<v Ricky Horton>The hours.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18707-0
<v Ricky Horton>But what you can do is to find and
retract. I think it's like from.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18707-1
<v Ricky Horton>I didn't do that. I'm not sure.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18731-0
<v Ricky Horton>Where they have they they got a shot of
premaged panel A and installed.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18761-0
<v Ricky Horton>And I I didn't know what they could do
here, what they could do here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18761-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'm in the middle of helping the field
install.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18805-0
<v Ricky Horton>But they want it installed.
So this all if you didn't deal with it,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18805-1
<v Ricky Horton>it's kind of paying it down.
So that's when it is, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18805-2
<v Ricky Horton>if you see now,
I'm trying to help them get.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18826-0
<v Ricky Horton>Interesting. Yeah.
So I got to get some coupons.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18826-1
<v Ricky Horton>So I've got to do it.
We've got to come from all the other guys.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18826-2
<v Ricky Horton>What the hell is going to happen? OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18859-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well, that's not.
I wonder if it's five in the end,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18859-1
<v Ricky Horton>but but I get to the report that shows
it's less than or something.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18879-0
<v Ricky Horton>Let's see that it's OK,
one by number of opportunities and OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18879-1
<v Ricky Horton>one by no,
it comes straight up to sales stores. Oh,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18879-2
<v Ricky Horton>really? That's right. That's all I did.
I won't give you.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18879-3
<v Ricky Horton>I need to back them to that. All right.
I have a different right to answer points</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18879-4
<v Ricky Horton>and Jeff.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18881-0
<v Ricky Horton>Now you can see what the difference is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18907-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK, I need your list of.
This is what we want. Negotiation. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18907-1
<v Ricky Horton>Do you want that? Sure.
I'll send you a copy. I mean,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18907-2
<v Ricky Horton>I'm just getting along with this couch.
Yeah, I'm just getting myself on the list.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18912-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I don't know what's going on.
Thank you.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18923-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's the only process I can see myself.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18936-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm sorry.
Did you get a chance to get the new</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18936-1
<v Ricky Horton>account? All right, that's the way out.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18956-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's got no question.
I miss that question.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/18960-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's like the visit to the. That's fine.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19010-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK. So how do I say it's where I use the,
I'll go to the additional labour and I'll</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19010-1
<v Ricky Horton>figure out what the development is and
then I'll the if the part's the same</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19010-2
<v Ricky Horton>project and I'll figure out the 12 hours
and then I'll plug it in the hour.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19023-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's right. That's well. Well,
it's time.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19035-0
<v Ricky Horton>But it's right.
It's probably shouldn't be Fed up.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19035-1
<v Ricky Horton>Fed up looks way up proportion the way to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19043-0
<v Ricky Horton>Trips.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19047-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, that'll make a difference.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19060-0
<v Ricky Horton>I was going to say that that made my
heart skip a beat. OK, that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19065-0
<v Ricky Horton>You're preparing another one then? Yes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19068-0
<v Ricky Horton>This is one that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19085-0
<v Ricky Horton>So handling was 69 and 75.
That was at 46 or 59 so I.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19124-0
<v Ricky Horton>18113 So I thought close it here.
It's at 78. It said 69.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19124-1
<v Ricky Horton>It was 8855 plus the 40s that was about
28.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19124-2
<v Ricky Horton>Let me let me get these while we're here.
Hang on a second.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19166-0
<v Ricky Horton>You, you,
you're going to get individual jobs.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19166-1
<v Ricky Horton>It's like, yeah,
he doesn't know how to do the jobs in I</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19166-2
<v Ricky Horton>believe,
but is that what it it actually took to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19166-3
<v Ricky Horton>do those jobs? I can take,
I can take a look and see where we</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19166-4
<v Ricky Horton>finished out for actual on this one.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19202-0
<v Ricky Horton>But this is that it's on the screen now
on the left, the one that's on the left,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19202-1
<v Ricky Horton>that's what they released as both. Oh, OK,
so that's basically that's. So yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19202-2
<v Ricky Horton>that was,
I'm pretty sure with this one we were</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19202-3
<v Ricky Horton>provided with the total hours and said.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19228-0
<v Ricky Horton>Put it right out together kind of like
this. They gave us,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19228-1
<v Ricky Horton>they gave us one lump sum and said to get
out.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19228-2
<v Ricky Horton>So this would have been another one that
would have appeared.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19241-0
<v Ricky Horton>Uh, one of our estimators. Yeah,
so and this will let us.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19241-1
<v Ricky Horton>I wouldn't trust that as much as the one
that I trust from.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19276-0
<v Ricky Horton>No, the guy he worked with here, he said.
He's at the meeting today for LLC.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19276-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'm guessing we should trust Parks more
because he's out here with him all the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19276-2
<v Ricky Horton>time. He knows much back to Katie, right?
Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19286-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, so this one,
every pretty much every single one of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19286-1
<v Ricky Horton>these packages, they.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19342-0
<v Ricky Horton>They originally bid the project at
quarter inch across the board.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19342-1
<v Ricky Horton>We got the final drawing set and all of
the weldments switched to 516 instead of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19342-2
<v Ricky Horton>board.
So all things were reestimated before we</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19342-3
<v Ricky Horton>sent them on to the floor just to see.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19380-0
<v Ricky Horton>To make sure we weren't going to bust it.
If we're going to bust it,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19380-1
<v Ricky Horton>we're going to try and get ahead of it
and say here's where it is going to take</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19380-2
<v Ricky Horton>us. If it's over a certain dollar amount,
then we're going to see, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19380-3
<v Ricky Horton>he's estimating or tracking the cost in
some some form.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19422-0
<v Ricky Horton>So that's that was kind of the process
with Pawson's to get them in.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19422-1
<v Ricky Horton>I reestimated them before they got put
out on the floor and then and then we go</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19422-2
<v Ricky Horton>from there.
So so the the mix between your fifth,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19422-3
<v Ricky Horton>Weld and other.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19439-0
<v Ricky Horton>Is essentially what the fit and Weld is
over here, but yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19439-1
<v Ricky Horton>it depends on what your other should be,
what bucket it should be in, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19469-0
<v Ricky Horton>But you're essentially the same.
I should have on that last one.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19469-1
<v Ricky Horton>I should have recorded that as on that
last job.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19469-2
<v Ricky Horton>I should have recorded that as well.
Can we get back and redo that?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19503-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, yeah,
the person that we were adjusting off of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19503-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'm sorry,
I should have grabbed it while we were</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19503-2
<v Ricky Horton>there.
That way we can look at 234K of these,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19503-3
<v Ricky Horton>whatever we want to look at to see.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19507-0
<v Ricky Horton>Do we see consistent spray in there? Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19512-0
<v Ricky Horton>We haven't looked at actual hours yet.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19536-0
<v Ricky Horton>Uh, the other ones from Mark yesterday.
Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19536-1
<v Ricky Horton>but all the way to supposed those are
supposed actual hours that have been</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19536-2
<v Ricky Horton>docked because the guys didn't have that
induced that they put their time on the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19536-3
<v Ricky Horton>job.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19569-0
<v Ricky Horton>It sounds like Chris is probably getting
tasked with making sure these numbers are</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19569-1
<v Ricky Horton>right, the items in here,
so that you can eventually say, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19569-2
<v Ricky Horton>these are good now,
let's push it out all the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19602-0
<v Ricky Horton>I like what he said he wants.
He also wants to be actionable of hours.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19602-1
<v Ricky Horton>You and I both agree with this.
The whole business has to go on actual</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19602-2
<v Ricky Horton>hours. Yeah, once you have it,
you can start working.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19622-0
<v Ricky Horton>Which helps, you know,
fix it by trying to get better. Sorry,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19622-1
<v Ricky Horton>it's reduces the wrong emotions. OK,
this is the right data,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19622-2
<v Ricky Horton>but I put the wrong shot. OK, cool.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19625-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's this. This is our.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19627-0
<v Ricky Horton>So.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19632-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, 150, OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19641-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then had that, uh, 6144.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19645-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, that's a service.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19677-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK. So do you,
do you have a snippet of that that you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19677-1
<v Ricky Horton>just showed of what the job really belong
to that? This is just for these. Oh, OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19677-2
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
this this one is really the last one we</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19677-3
<v Ricky Horton>were looking at that I can, I can pull up.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19684-0
<v Ricky Horton>That I can pull up will be so this one
299.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19695-0
<v Ricky Horton>You're gonna give us the actual one now
then? Yeah. So I'll pull up.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19700-0
<v Ricky Horton>Take the details for this one again,
so the screenshot.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19717-0
<v Ricky Horton>382 is, yeah, total. Yeah.
What's what's correct? Yeah. OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19717-1
<v Ricky Horton>everyone did that. What is it?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19742-0
<v Ricky Horton>The other one had coding time that we
have in the county for both of that time.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19742-1
<v Ricky Horton>Well, we're talking about it. OK,
so in B3 right now,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19742-2
<v Ricky Horton>that's the lines were 3320 and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19755-0
<v Ricky Horton>And the actually was when these was so
and then if I go back in here and I go.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19756-0
<v Ricky Horton>7.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19758-0
<v Ricky Horton>Here, here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19789-0
<v Ricky Horton>What's that? I'm not too certain.
I think they're following. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19789-1
<v Ricky Horton>they're starting to try and I think
they're using heavy bid.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19821-0
<v Ricky Horton>Thank you.
This is pure speculation at this moment.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19821-1
<v Ricky Horton>The one that I'm curious about is the
Blofield shop,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19821-2
<v Ricky Horton>because it's such a mechanical shop that
I'd be surprised if they don't have a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19821-3
<v Ricky Horton>piping package estimator.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19828-0
<v Ricky Horton>So let's just where we finish with
actions.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19847-0
<v Ricky Horton>Total. We finished 10 weeks,
just under 10 hours under the original</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19847-1
<v Ricky Horton>budget. It's 299. Well, we used 86 versus.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19854-0
<v Ricky Horton>Of course, it's gonna be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19863-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well,
previous 86 and we had 88 in this is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19866-0
<v Ricky Horton>And uh.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19876-0
<v Ricky Horton>71.7578 looks perfect. That's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19886-0
<v Ricky Horton>We use 45.2546 burn. We use 17.75.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19887-0
<v Ricky Horton>Stop.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19912-0
<v Ricky Horton>Every bid versus Aqua, they say. And yeah,
the tech was way better for the structure.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19912-1
<v Ricky Horton>It's basically simple for several
contractors. That's right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19912-2
<v Ricky Horton>I didn't know that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19943-0
<v Ricky Horton>If I look that up after looking at that,
why would they be easy to begin with?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19943-1
<v Ricky Horton>I don't know. Interesting.
They're feeding structural into it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19943-2
<v Ricky Horton>I think that low row middle of field
stuff, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19950-0
<v Ricky Horton>I mean, I don't have the history yet,
but I'm working on getting it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19987-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yes,
I think power fab technically is going to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19987-1
<v Ricky Horton>be everything that structural it just
drives and even that electrical that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19987-2
<v Ricky Horton>you're talking about be able to push.
Why aren't we going to do that today or</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19987-3
<v Ricky Horton>tomorrow?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/19995-0
<v Ricky Horton>What's your actual on the 25060948?
Do you have that?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20013-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's the first one.
That's the second one. The one. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20013-1
<v Ricky Horton>that one there. This one.
This one was just released for production</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20013-2
<v Ricky Horton>today. Oh, OK, because, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20028-0
<v Ricky Horton>Can I do do one additional project with
both international? Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20028-1
<v Ricky Horton>or do 40 whatever, you know,
the more the better.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20046-0
<v Ricky Horton>740, I think, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20052-0
<v Ricky Horton>And.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20065-0
<v Ricky Horton>Tekla's hours are total of 58 budget
being non 69. Um.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20071-0
<v Ricky Horton>We're kind of going all over here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20098-0
<v Ricky Horton>No, they're not.
So like as an example on the 240758 fit</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20098-1
<v Ricky Horton>up and weld are basically right between
Tekla and the budget.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20105-0
<v Ricky Horton>The last one we looked at 2506-0948. Um.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20147-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's pretty close between fit up and weld
it it's there's a little slight</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20147-1
<v Ricky Horton>difference.
The two front this one is there's a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20147-2
<v Ricky Horton>forty-eight percent difference between
Weld and a 20% difference between fit up.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20155-0
<v Ricky Horton>And if we look at handling cut burn.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20190-0
<v Ricky Horton>So just handling one job is 8.
78 high in Tekla,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20190-1
<v Ricky Horton>30% low on the next job in Tekla,
20% high on this job.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20190-2
<v Ricky Horton>That's a nice average. Yeah, that was.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20248-0
<v Ricky Horton>30% high on the first one,
53% low on the second one,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20248-1
<v Ricky Horton>112% high on the next one.
Burn is 34% low on the first one,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20248-2
<v Ricky Horton>1% high on the second one,
28% low on the on the third one.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20285-0
<v Ricky Horton>But it's all the same families of jobs.
Are you basically making things with flag</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20285-1
<v Ricky Horton>plates here?
Are they different types of jobs?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20285-2
<v Ricky Horton>This one and the first one are very
similar to both of those.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20285-3
<v Ricky Horton>Sounds like the birds in one place were
lacking the other three in the middle way.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20313-0
<v Ricky Horton>That that T6 one,
the one we did in the middle, that one,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20313-1
<v Ricky Horton>the one that we looked in actuals is a
mixture of structural as well as some</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20313-2
<v Ricky Horton>miscellaneous. So it's got.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20344-0
<v Ricky Horton>Angles, gust of plates,
a bunch of little stuff,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20344-1
<v Ricky Horton>and this is mostly easy columns. Yeah,
because in my mind,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20344-2
<v Ricky Horton>if you start mixing handrail with beads
and columns, it's a good universe, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20357-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.
And and and some of these are pretty</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20357-1
<v Ricky Horton>small too,
so we'll see a little bit of a wide road.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20357-2
<v Ricky Horton>I'd want to see a bunch of jobs in 500
hours or more, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20385-0
<v Ricky Horton>And if we want, let's see,
we can keep it on the same scale of the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20385-1
<v Ricky Horton>758 project,
which is structural and a small</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20385-2
<v Ricky Horton>anonymously is in one package 7581.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20415-0
<v Ricky Horton>So I don't say anything that makes me
want to say,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20415-1
<v Ricky Horton>we'll need to change this by this. Yeah.
The only thing I saw that you just read</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20415-2
<v Ricky Horton>out was we were low level of burns, right?
Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20431-0
<v Ricky Horton>On, yeah,
essentially that middle job was about the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20431-1
<v Ricky Horton>same, but there's a rounds of it use that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20441-0
<v Ricky Horton>And you know,
I I know if if Mark's doing this split,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20441-1
<v Ricky Horton>but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20478-0
<v Ricky Horton>I get his experience, he's got it right.
He's happening every day,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20478-1
<v Ricky Horton>but I'm going to put a little bit more
weight on the tech,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20478-2
<v Ricky Horton>but from the standpoint of it's going to
be very consistent,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20478-3
<v Ricky Horton>whereas he's going to flip the drawings
and get a.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20483-0
<v Ricky Horton>General theory, right?
And so I'll go with.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20532-0
<v Ricky Horton>If if if I see some slight variation
there and then it's because of his, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20532-1
<v Ricky Horton>the way,
I shouldn't say the way the wind blows.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20532-2
<v Ricky Horton>I don't know it's more than that,
but he's not looking at every cut and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20532-3
<v Ricky Horton>every everything.
So you're taking that with a grain of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20532-4
<v Ricky Horton>salt, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20571-0
<v Ricky Horton>I mean, a lot of,
I don't know if you tell me,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20571-1
<v Ricky Horton>but a lot of structure is either dollar
per pound or dollar per ton. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20571-2
<v Ricky Horton>a lot of people bid like that.
I don't like it, but they do. To me,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20571-3
<v Ricky Horton>it's like you start out with the hours
and things really going to take and the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20571-4
<v Ricky Horton>cost.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20583-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then you look and say, oh, OK,
about how many,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20583-1
<v Ricky Horton>how much money is that per time per pound?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20623-0
<v Ricky Horton>Why is this one higher than the norm?
Or why is this one lower than the norm?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20623-1
<v Ricky Horton>Because it's important.
I use 30 lbs per man hour for what I</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20623-2
<v Ricky Horton>would call our standard work.
I've done the same thing. I was like, OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20623-3
<v Ricky Horton>it's just to get your thumb in here with
that. It's like if you see 100.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20626-0
<v Ricky Horton>What it is?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20634-0
<v Ricky Horton>But that doesn't work for structure.
It didn't work for duct tape chutes,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20634-1
<v Ricky Horton>hoppers.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20645-0
<v Ricky Horton>That other fuel gets used a lot,
so that's kind of throwing a bug in this</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20645-1
<v Ricky Horton>as well.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20657-0
<v Ricky Horton>Because that's a fifth of the hours on
this job. Yeah, no.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20673-0
<v Ricky Horton>16 well at 3 foot 10.6.
So then I took the .6 and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20677-0
<v Ricky Horton>Let me please say it doesn't jive.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20710-0
<v Ricky Horton>Is it's changed at this point.
So these estimators looks like it ought</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20710-1
<v Ricky Horton>to be in fit up because weld on this job.
Tekla was higher on by 38% and the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20749-0
<v Ricky Horton>Fit up was way under,
probably because using the A reason</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20749-1
<v Ricky Horton>during the manual manipulation down there,
you don't get fed up.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20749-2
<v Ricky Horton>So I would bet that goes in. In fact,
I won't put it in there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20749-3
<v Ricky Horton>The other part is it's it's also odd
because.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20774-0
<v Ricky Horton>We adjusted our Weld rate and I
calculated these wells.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20774-1
<v Ricky Horton>Essentially this was 516 Weldman,
3 foot 10 of well, which is now .6,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20774-2
<v Ricky Horton>whereas before.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20817-0
<v Ricky Horton>It was 1.
2 OK and then so my hours per piece,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20817-1
<v Ricky Horton>all these 1.2 is another .
6 and these are all under that should be</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20817-2
<v Ricky Horton>cut.
These are all under the other category.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20817-3
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
that's the hours per piece falls into the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20817-4
<v Ricky Horton>other category.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20846-0
<v Ricky Horton>Essentially when I was estimating these
and they gave me hey now you need this</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20846-1
<v Ricky Horton>estimate for two hours.
This is how much I need time based on</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20846-2
<v Ricky Horton>Tekla.
Now I can go in here and globally edit</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20846-3
<v Ricky Horton>that pieces.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20848-0
<v Ricky Horton>So.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20867-0
<v Ricky Horton>Not, you know, a little bit more actual,
but because it's hours per piece,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20867-1
<v Ricky Horton>our metrics that we've changed, yeah,
change that, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20868-0
<v Ricky Horton>Um.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20881-0
<v Ricky Horton>So that is one thing in skewed the other
categories in skewed.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20884-0
<v Ricky Horton>There is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20890-0
<v Ricky Horton>Really zero patterns.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20922-0
<v Ricky Horton>So like burn on this one was pretty close.
I mean right almost 18.69 versus 18,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20922-1
<v Ricky Horton>whereas burn on the others one was 28%
under, 1% over, 34% under.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20927-0
<v Ricky Horton>There's just no pattern whatsoever. Um.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20934-0
<v Ricky Horton>I mean, I think it's gonna be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20973-0
<v Ricky Horton>I mean the word hundreds.
I think it's also going to be the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20973-1
<v Ricky Horton>hundreds ones driven by Mark and the ones
driven by Gilbert.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20973-2
<v Ricky Horton>Because if you start mixing those,
you're going to have less. Yeah, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20973-3
<v Ricky Horton>I think you're you're right. Well,
in all of these instances over years,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/20973-4
<v Ricky Horton>right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21020-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, these were, these were mine,
but it's really the actuals, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21020-1
<v Ricky Horton>The actuals should still be the actuals,
be the actuals. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21020-2
<v Ricky Horton>you have actuals on 247 about 8.
That's what I do. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21020-3
<v Ricky Horton>it's the actuals in the 566. That's the.
Are you charging, charging yourself? Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21020-4
<v Ricky Horton>OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21060-0
<v Ricky Horton>And you have it by job. Yeah. OK, good.
And the 566 was supplied by Gilbert.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21060-1
<v Ricky Horton>So we were held to their dollar amount to
be supplied that breakout.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21060-2
<v Ricky Horton>I estimated it half year just so that we
could see if we would go over or not.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21069-0
<v Ricky Horton>How to do, you know,
I guess we'll see you in a second,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21069-1
<v Ricky Horton>historically and guess we're around
*******.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21070-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21071-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21072-0
<v Ricky Horton>Hey.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21077-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm good at what you're so sorry.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21078-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21080-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yes, Sir.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21082-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21083-0
<v Ricky Horton>Pause.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21101-0
<v Ricky Horton>Perfect. I uh, I will make sure that uh,
that you are doing and we'll get you 1040.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21101-1
<v Ricky Horton>That's all right, Sir.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21102-0
<v Ricky Horton>So.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21114-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yes, Sir. Yeah,
go ahead and get started on them.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21114-1
<v Ricky Horton>That'll give me a head on my.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21116-0
<v Ricky Horton>So thank you.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21117-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21122-0
<v Ricky Horton>So that particular lot is what we're
talking about.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21123-0
<v Ricky Horton>To.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21126-0
<v Ricky Horton>But then we have.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21150-0
<v Ricky Horton>One and then when we go in here,
we have sequence 3 level one.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21150-1
<v Ricky Horton>I don't see a sequence 3 level 2.
So I guess this is the log.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21172-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, it's handling at zero,
but we have 96 plan hours.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21172-1
<v Ricky Horton>Thanks to the project.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21175-0
<v Ricky Horton>So I think.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21178-0
<v Ricky Horton>This production still.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21181-0
<v Ricky Horton>So that's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21191-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's 5 minutes moving to based on that.
She is less than five.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21210-0
<v Ricky Horton>We have 13567,
so is this one big job and we're just</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21210-1
<v Ricky Horton>looking at where pieces of this one big
tab? That's what I'm going to do.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21220-0
<v Ricky Horton>I mean, there's so much data here. I mean,
I see 600, 370.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21227-0
<v Ricky Horton>1800 There's a lot of data here, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21229-0
<v Ricky Horton>It'd be nice to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21238-0
<v Ricky Horton>I don't know if you can dump it all in
one bell swoop into Excel.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21245-0
<v Ricky Horton>Like those budget numbers don't match
well.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21250-0
<v Ricky Horton>Show them here either.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21255-0
<v Ricky Horton>close adjustments.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21256-0
<v Ricky Horton>Um.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21265-0
<v Ricky Horton>What we were saying the other day was
that was the estimate.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21282-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's what I'm saying.
It doesn't match this, but then there's,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21282-1
<v Ricky Horton>I mean, I see three,
I see base adjustment plan regular.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21312-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, see,
there's there's actually an estimated</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21312-1
<v Ricky Horton>hours field as well that lay in this.
That's where I wasn't expecting to see</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21312-2
<v Ricky Horton>the estimate,
but they were saying they were using the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21312-3
<v Ricky Horton>adjustment for the estimated so plan.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21316-0
<v Ricky Horton>Is the sum of adjustment plus base.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21317-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yep.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21319-0
<v Ricky Horton>Time track machine so severe.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21324-0
<v Ricky Horton>So she did before.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21329-0
<v Ricky Horton>We.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21334-0
<v Ricky Horton>3.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21335-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm from North Florida.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21336-0
<v Ricky Horton>Is it a?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21353-0
<v Ricky Horton>Surprised to send this in the e-mail.
It'd be like you'd send a spreadsheet and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21353-1
<v Ricky Horton>say here it is this.
I would assume that Tekla was baked.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21362-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well, it's got the,
it's got it laid out the schedule.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21369-0
<v Ricky Horton>Instead of typing this every week, yeah,
just having that as a report.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21375-0
<v Ricky Horton>Estimate versus actual bunch of jobs.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21380-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21394-0
<v Ricky Horton>How in the world does it let you have the
same sheet name?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21400-0
<v Ricky Horton>And I'm saying that was answered the
question.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21436-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm also all of these.
They said that we have one sheet in the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21436-1
<v Ricky Horton>folder that we constantly we just keep
adding ages to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21436-2
<v Ricky Horton>So each of those is the job number on the
bottom. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21436-3
<v Ricky Horton>we did the job number at the bottom.
It's regular.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21436-4
<v Ricky Horton>It's lots of associated with it and then
once it's done, we hide it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21438-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK then.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21439-0
<v Ricky Horton>The.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21449-0
<v Ricky Horton>Where's this loadable on your your
computer? No,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21449-1
<v Ricky Horton>this lives in Mark's folder in the
archive and shop.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21461-0
<v Ricky Horton>This is what he does this Tuesday on
management. I put a space in.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21487-0
<v Ricky Horton>We used to have Fred Dutton doing this
for us each week.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21487-1
<v Ricky Horton>He would pull reports whole time and then
go through and review changes and send up</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21487-2
<v Ricky Horton>and and then he stopped working here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21492-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm afraid to see the archive and the
application stop.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21495-0
<v Ricky Horton>I can't see.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21496-0
<v Ricky Horton>See.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21500-0
<v Ricky Horton>March.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21503-0
<v Ricky Horton>There's the adults for the practical
shopping clear, 40 South Douglas.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21545-0
<v Ricky Horton>You guys have that session?
I don't really like. It's awesome.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21545-1
<v Ricky Horton>Would you be willing to talk to your guy
at Tech about it? I haven't contacted.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21545-2
<v Ricky Horton>It's Dan Lopez. If you've seen it,
watch any of Power Fab's videos.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21586-0
<v Ricky Horton>He's the one with the heavy standard
accent. Oh, OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21586-1
<v Ricky Horton>They they would like to some input on
what people like about those type systems,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21586-2
<v Ricky Horton>what they don't like,
what you want to see improved.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21586-3
<v Ricky Horton>I have a feeling they might be looking at
doing something with that. So yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21586-4
<v Ricky Horton>I know they really could.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21618-0
<v Ricky Horton>You know, the integration and and having,
I mean,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21618-1
<v Ricky Horton>it'd be really nice if we could mark off
something in the quality control side</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21618-2
<v Ricky Horton>there. Yeah, and yeah, mark off in. Yeah,
and whatnot.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21618-3
<v Ricky Horton>I'll give them your contact if I get up
with.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21632-0
<v Ricky Horton>How's your audit going? What?
How's your audit going?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21632-1
<v Ricky Horton>Saturday meeting for an hour and a half
and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21660-0
<v Ricky Horton>They never called me in, but I haven't.
I have a corporate environmental here</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21660-1
<v Ricky Horton>doing the . And then I have a...
I'm not as much fun as you guys.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21673-0
<v Ricky Horton>It might be. It might be.
Beautiful weather out there. It's not.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21673-1
<v Ricky Horton>It's not bad.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21692-0
<v Ricky Horton>Can't believe it's going to be 80 today.
I believe it makes it to 80.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21692-1
<v Ricky Horton>Is it I heard is there any today or
tomorrow? That's just stupid.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21719-0
<v Ricky Horton>I guess it's not the the most orgasm.
It's like bags, paper bags for shipping.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21719-1
<v Ricky Horton>It's instruments. It doesn't seem like it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21722-0
<v Ricky Horton>Sunday, Monday is supposed to be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21723-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21735-0
<v Ricky Horton>Pretty intensive of that.
Do you need a relate something?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21735-1
<v Ricky Horton>It's just I can't be expected.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21741-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's it. This.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21742-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21764-0
<v Ricky Horton>Jimmy, he'll be here at one,
so I think he hasn't responded,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21764-1
<v Ricky Horton>so he didn't see there.
He said it couldn't make it to let us</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21764-2
<v Ricky Horton>know and he'll dial it.
So I'll be on the average machine.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21766-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21780-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yes, I can follow him. Yeah,
we want to see like a servant for all of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21780-1
<v Ricky Horton>this.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21783-0
<v Ricky Horton>This.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21792-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's a question.
It's one of the people losing,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21792-1
<v Ricky Horton>but sometimes don't look like it's right
now and that we've had so much today.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21823-0
<v Ricky Horton>Any butchers? Did they hatch work at all?
This is wing. There's no.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21823-1
<v Ricky Horton>We've been even though preschool.
I think they just announced technical.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21840-0
<v Ricky Horton>We saw the things as approach goes back
to, yeah, we makes sense.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21840-1
<v Ricky Horton>And we installed and actually installed.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21842-0
<v Ricky Horton>0.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21875-0
<v Ricky Horton>What's the difference between what switch
does and what low run electrical does?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21875-1
<v Ricky Horton>What Revolution Electrical does?
Which which main is data centers?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21875-2
<v Ricky Horton>What are they? Lights data centers?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21887-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, who knows?
We have switched radio and then pass.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21887-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'm working.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21914-0
<v Ricky Horton>Pull on a lot of power.
We did like lighting packages and the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21914-1
<v Ricky Horton>Intel. We're kind of like more horrors,
you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21914-2
<v Ricky Horton>like it's something you see anywhere
which and make them more concentrated on</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21914-3
<v Ricky Horton>the bigger.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21930-0
<v Ricky Horton>Davis, things like that. That question.
Jimmy will be here at 1:00. He can.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21930-1
<v Ricky Horton>He can give you a very detailed right
account.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21940-0
<v Ricky Horton>But we're getting big much.
We're expanding more in electrical than</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21940-1
<v Ricky Horton>anything else now.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21955-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, yeah. Since I'm going to be said,
OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21955-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'll just put that up is the issue is set
on a scratch. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21958-0
<v Ricky Horton>As long as we can use, they would.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21960-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm sorry,
we'll make the amounts about it, Justin.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21969-0
<v Ricky Horton>I don't think what is the seller.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21999-0
<v Ricky Horton>Or what do you want to consider?
I like this building.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21999-1
<v Ricky Horton>I wish you could watch out with Jimmy
today as possible. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21999-2
<v Ricky Horton>I think I think you're possible.
I don't want to be. What? Awesome.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/21999-3
<v Ricky Horton>Thank you.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22018-0
<v Ricky Horton>He gave me something to do. It's very,
very. He came up with me yesterday.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22018-1
<v Ricky Horton>I was like, how long have you got?
Mustache, you know, like one month.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22026-0
<v Ricky Horton>So, like two days ago.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22034-0
<v Ricky Horton>I will go up looking here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22035-0
<v Ricky Horton>But.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22037-0
<v Ricky Horton>That Christmas gift.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22049-0
<v Ricky Horton>I don't know.
He said there were bringing gifts.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22049-1
<v Ricky Horton>He didn't say there was going to pop in
and bring gifts like that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22051-0
<v Ricky Horton>We could take it back. No, I'm quick.
What's going on?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22054-0
<v Ricky Horton>Absolutely.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22058-0
<v Ricky Horton>That needs a.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22059-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's a new year, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22062-0
<v Ricky Horton>No, I don't.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22081-0
<v Ricky Horton>I did it. Did you get a phone? Oh, sorry,
I'm taking both.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22081-1
<v Ricky Horton>Do you try out to be hungry every week?
Yes, Sir.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22113-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, you can call them down all the time.
That's what we'll show later. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22113-1
<v Ricky Horton>I probably just hang out on weekends.
Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22113-2
<v Ricky Horton>I I last year I traveled at least for
four and one weeks.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22116-0
<v Ricky Horton>My wife will get away.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22122-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK, our kids are off. Mind you, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22146-0
<v Ricky Horton>Good. We got three. I'm here, right kids.
And that one was just born in August,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22146-1
<v Ricky Horton>so brand new, you know,
and that was born like 6 months ago. OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22148-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22182-0
<v Ricky Horton>Oh yeah, he he's just what,
3-4 months old and so,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22182-1
<v Ricky Horton>but they live right across from by myself.
Oh that's cool. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22182-2
<v Ricky Horton>that's why I have to do two of my three
kids, five of my grains,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22182-3
<v Ricky Horton>six wheelchair because.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22206-0
<v Ricky Horton>They found chiropractic work here in
California, get them involved here,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22206-1
<v Ricky Horton>practice here. She moved here.
So then they don't have to be when you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22206-2
<v Ricky Horton>got to move here. Southern California,
yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22208-0
<v Ricky Horton>How old are you kids?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22210-0
<v Ricky Horton>You have mother.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22217-0
<v Ricky Horton>312621 I've got young kids.
I was late getting started. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22236-0
<v Ricky Horton>19 year old and if you want to be 25 year
old got married and says we're not happy</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22236-1
<v Ricky Horton>because we can't afford it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22240-0
<v Ricky Horton>Then they got breaking right away, right?
Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22247-0
<v Ricky Horton>I always said Mary, but he's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22261-0
<v Ricky Horton>They've been growing. I'm serious.
He lives in DC.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22272-0
<v Ricky Horton>Works with government contractor.
I really made state of what he does,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22272-1
<v Ricky Horton>but um.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22280-0
<v Ricky Horton>Something with Arc GIS for for the
military.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22289-0
<v Ricky Horton>His girlfriend has a really interesting
job.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22308-0
<v Ricky Horton>She is a secret service in the White
House. Really. Yeah, that would be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22308-1
<v Ricky Horton>So she was.
She was telling me back Thanksgiving when</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22308-2
<v Ricky Horton>they were home.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22311-0
<v Ricky Horton>Favorable world, she left.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22334-0
<v Ricky Horton>Really interested in that.
She's sitting there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22334-1
<v Ricky Horton>You can lunch and mark every Rubia is
going to be another. So she, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22334-2
<v Ricky Horton>she gets a extra long time and maybe all
is coming through,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22334-3
<v Ricky Horton>but she learned that was the name.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22370-0
<v Ricky Horton>There was that shooting at the National
Guard in the White House. She was leaving.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22370-1
<v Ricky Horton>That was right at two.
Her shift was done at two or five in the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22370-2
<v Ricky Horton>afternoon. She's walking through a car.
It's in the car,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22370-3
<v Ricky Horton>right here in his office and says shots
fired made down.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22399-0
<v Ricky Horton>When that comes out, it doesn't matter.
If you're on the grounds,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22399-1
<v Ricky Horton>you're hitting back in the White House
when they run in and shut the White House</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22399-2
<v Ricky Horton>down.
And I didn't know the Secret Service</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22399-3
<v Ricky Horton>actually police is outside the White
House as well. So that is actually.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22414-0
<v Ricky Horton>Co-workers that were the first one was
right there with the guys and a lot of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22414-1
<v Ricky Horton>them were pretty staking up from that so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22416-0
<v Ricky Horton>Of driving.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22442-0
<v Ricky Horton>There's my son in.
I just visited my daughter in UNLV and I</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22442-1
<v Ricky Horton>stopped for a lunch. St. George,
UT as I'm drunk, but how far?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22480-0
<v Ricky Horton>I would come up and he's looking at my
truck. I've never had a problem.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22480-1
<v Ricky Horton>We do that before.
Come out next meeting and he's looking.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22480-2
<v Ricky Horton>That was a day chart. And as I did,
traffic was just complete **** show. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22480-3
<v Ricky Horton>I think they were looking in cars to see
what.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22491-0
<v Ricky Horton>They could see. Yeah. Wow.
Because I think you were trying to find</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22491-1
<v Ricky Horton>the. Yeah, but I was going the wrong way.
I was going to the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22506-0
<v Ricky Horton>I can't imagine the one with the Secret
Circus. You know what here is?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22506-1
<v Ricky Horton>I noticed she was.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22521-0
<v Ricky Horton>TSA in Orlando Airport and Transfer to
Secret Service.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22521-1
<v Ricky Horton>I did not know that they're in the same
department.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22551-0
<v Ricky Horton>And so we'll solve this as an
opportunities.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22551-1
<v Ricky Horton>Of course she had to get training if I'm
not,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22551-2
<v Ricky Horton>but they accepted her and so she's she
don't know about two years.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22551-3
<v Ricky Horton>I have no idea what's the same report,
but is she part of the protective detail</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22551-4
<v Ricky Horton>or is she?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22553-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, she's fully.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22595-0
<v Ricky Horton>Check out and all the gangs and
everything. Absolutely.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22595-1
<v Ricky Horton>You said when the when that shooting,
normally they just have pistols on their</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22595-2
<v Ricky Horton>side, but when that happened,
then something like that has a lot of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22595-3
<v Ricky Horton>breakup involved in the she said.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22616-0
<v Ricky Horton>And now it's like a fourth year in a one
point and they like went all the way up</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22616-1
<v Ricky Horton>there. She took us on a tour.
I was talking to. I was talking to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22638-0
<v Ricky Horton>This has got to be, you got to be,
you got to be. It's got to be universe.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22638-1
<v Ricky Horton>And he's like,
what's standing this one in the last 20</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22638-2
<v Ricky Horton>years, he said.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22655-0
<v Ricky Horton>I've seen Prince sit down and and play
that. Elton John. He's like,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22655-1
<v Ricky Horton>I just saw these people come through.
We got a lot of stories being interesting.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22656-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22692-0
<v Ricky Horton>I asked them.
I asked all of them how political they</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22692-1
<v Ricky Horton>want to, you know, because, yeah,
different administration's from you.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22692-2
<v Ricky Horton>And she said they're actually.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22716-0
<v Ricky Horton>They try to not watch a lot of stuff.
They don't want to be too biased with the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22716-1
<v Ricky Horton>other coats.
They don't know the other side,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22716-2
<v Ricky Horton>but you said the flip side of that too is
they're kind of seeing the news, you know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22733-0
<v Ricky Horton>But she said everybody, you know,
the news takes it so different. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22733-1
<v Ricky Horton>she's like,
they're just normal people and it doesn't</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22733-2
<v Ricky Horton>matter who gets through.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22736-0
<v Ricky Horton>He's like.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22766-0
<v Ricky Horton>Is she does work the White House or does
she have to go on these advanced teams?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22766-1
<v Ricky Horton>So the White House is her main focus,
but when he travels then they.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22795-0
<v Ricky Horton>They ask for volunteers that want to go
on a trip with them,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22795-1
<v Ricky Horton>and if they don't get volunteers,
then they get volunteers. So yeah, sure,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22795-2
<v Ricky Horton>very different places, you know,
every now and then,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22795-3
<v Ricky Horton>but they do have to go.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22799-0
<v Ricky Horton>I start running trips every every year.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22819-0
<v Ricky Horton>They don't fly on the luxury
accommodations.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22819-1
<v Ricky Horton>They usually fly in the car.
They're not flying the airport.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22819-2
<v Ricky Horton>They're not.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22826-0
<v Ricky Horton>How much gear you gonna check with you?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22834-0
<v Ricky Horton>Let me see. I can let me see helicopter.
Yeah, it's unbelievable.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22836-0
<v Ricky Horton>So did you tell where? I'm sure.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22861-0
<v Ricky Horton>He was just that.
Trump was just at the Kennedy Center,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22861-1
<v Ricky Horton>which is in DC,
but they had to take a whole detail there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22861-2
<v Ricky Horton>She was.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22884-0
<v Ricky Horton>Working that,
but may that be cool because that was</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22884-1
<v Ricky Horton>kiss was there. George Strait,
I forget who all else.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22884-2
<v Ricky Horton>I'd like to see things.
She's like outside of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22886-0
<v Ricky Horton>I was sexy just being in the White House.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22890-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'd rather do steal.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22891-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22893-0
<v Ricky Horton>But.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22897-0
<v Ricky Horton>I heard a lot that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22934-0
<v Ricky Horton>Like a lot of shops barely touch the
capabilities what power I have to do.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22934-1
<v Ricky Horton>Probably I should I should keep better
statistics on it,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22934-2
<v Ricky Horton>but I'm guessing 60 to 70% of the clients
have had it for.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22949-0
<v Ricky Horton>For 15 years.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22976-0
<v Ricky Horton>It didn't use it to that labels. I mean,
I believe you and I know we're taking the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22976-1
<v Ricky Horton>knowledge and stuff. Yeah, the guy,
the guy I had dinner with last night went</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/22976-2
<v Ricky Horton>in control of that suite to power.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23037-0
<v Ricky Horton>I will be dabbled in.
He said most of the time the estimators</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23037-1
<v Ricky Horton>and the detailers are the same people.
If you really don't set up,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23037-2
<v Ricky Horton>really just don't need it. So yeah,
estimators and detailers for you to sign</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23037-3
<v Ricky Horton>that's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23056-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's not what I've I've seen,
but I haven't seen that way. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23056-1
<v Ricky Horton>it's like, I can have that too.
So this is about 100 and there'll be a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23056-2
<v Ricky Horton>shot.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23089-0
<v Ricky Horton>That I'm getting it.
So I feel that very much somebody's I</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23089-1
<v Ricky Horton>know whether they want to use the
software if it's for project managers is</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23089-2
<v Ricky Horton>like pulling feed and getting in there,
which I don't understand because their</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23089-3
<v Ricky Horton>whole job.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23112-0
<v Ricky Horton>Project that's what's happening on the
projects.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23112-1
<v Ricky Horton>I've spent about actually half my career
estimated in the other half of the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23112-2
<v Ricky Horton>project manager.
So I haven't had the opportunity with you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23112-3
<v Ricky Horton>very much, but I would like to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23135-0
<v Ricky Horton>It is. It is weird to have an idea,
but you know, and that's a that's an ad.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23135-1
<v Ricky Horton>We shouldn't get some project vendors are
all in the right and others are just</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23135-2
<v Ricky Horton>don't want to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23136-0
<v Ricky Horton>Thank you.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23138-0
<v Ricky Horton>The time structure came down and said to
rise at the cutting edge.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23139-0
<v Ricky Horton>Please.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23156-0
<v Ricky Horton>But because it was just laughable and how
slow we were,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23156-1
<v Ricky Horton>but both of you have been one ran a
Python.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23173-0
<v Ricky Horton>And Horizon ran. I have a beam up there.
Beam one start next year.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23173-1
<v Ricky Horton>Are you guys driving to see something?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23174-0
<v Ricky Horton>Show.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23217-0
<v Ricky Horton>I mean,
it's I think the cheapest way to increase</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23217-1
<v Ricky Horton>capacity. I'm supposed to think the,
you know, base models are about 300,000.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23217-2
<v Ricky Horton>I think those we don't need abortments.
It's like a coasting song in front of it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23217-3
<v Ricky Horton>They're very, very nice setups, but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23253-0
<v Ricky Horton>Thank you. Probably just for our code,
but it's probably about 1,000,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23253-1
<v Ricky Horton>000 bucks for it. Yeah,
you got the advantage, though.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23253-2
<v Ricky Horton>It's actually going to the drill saw next
to it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23261-0
<v Ricky Horton>Plug and play, but yeah,
it's it's more like.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23288-0
<v Ricky Horton>You know what I'm surprised you went out
is nobody's off at that job. And it's out.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23288-1
<v Ricky Horton>I mean, they've got it. I mean years ago,
man, it's a freaking doc program.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23288-2
<v Ricky Horton>Why didn't somebody?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23322-0
<v Ricky Horton>Update this thing to know I I had heard
that SDS was looking at buying it because</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23322-1
<v Ricky Horton>you know that that structure was that lot
that suite and it really elevated.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23341-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
because it was gonna be a Tesla when you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23341-1
<v Ricky Horton>write it. I have it.
I give the SDS and the DOS level. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23341-2
<v Ricky Horton>SDS is awesome.
I'm I'm a first year old business.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23342-0
<v Ricky Horton>Start working.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23360-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
one of the things these guys have been</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23360-1
<v Ricky Horton>chasing was all the pesto work for Intel,
yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23384-0
<v Ricky Horton>Problem is,
it's it's a material handling job.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23384-1
<v Ricky Horton>It's not a bad job. Yeah, it's a maximum.
Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23384-2
<v Ricky Horton>but they have like 100 different designs.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23428-0
<v Ricky Horton>So they throw about at you and every week
the schedule move cuz medical will come</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23428-1
<v Ricky Horton>in a couple of weeks,
go out a couple of weeks. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23428-2
<v Ricky Horton>and if you don't have all the designs
built, built in your system set up,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23428-3
<v Ricky Horton>releasing it was hard.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23461-0
<v Ricky Horton>Set up, they get you 22 days,
22 working days to build one and then</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23461-1
<v Ricky Horton>they pay a premium for 10 day build or
five days.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23461-2
<v Ricky Horton>And it's just a game of managing the
logistics of it. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23461-3
<v Ricky Horton>you just have to have.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23471-0
<v Ricky Horton>10 truckloads of four post border sitting
out there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23471-1
<v Ricky Horton>It's got to happen and then you need all
three eights play.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23514-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's. I've done it three times.
I've never made money.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23514-1
<v Ricky Horton>By the time you get set up about a year
and a half later,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23514-2
<v Ricky Horton>they just ramp it down and some new
management team says let's do it again.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23514-3
<v Ricky Horton>It's like.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23546-0
<v Ricky Horton>Never going to work because you don't
ramp up fast enough to make to get in the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23546-1
<v Ricky Horton>sweet spot to where you're comfortable.
Well, a lot of it's almost manufacturing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23546-2
<v Ricky Horton>It is manufacturing. Yeah,
it's absolutely.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23592-0
<v Ricky Horton>Doing it,
I've only seen one fabricator that got a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23592-1
<v Ricky Horton>job with a lot of repeatability on it and
just they just needs to be efficiency.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23592-2
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, they get everything.
They're like we are not there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23619-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then figure out how to go.
We're telling them how to go.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23619-1
<v Ricky Horton>We're setting up all the gigs we're
setting up and they killed it. But most,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23619-2
<v Ricky Horton>most publicators don't seem to get to
that level, but do you work for J.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23654-0
<v Ricky Horton>So I think they have a structural shop in
Kansas City,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23654-1
<v Ricky Horton>but they're doing some festivals or we
had a shop in the back of CO where.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23668-0
<v Ricky Horton>You're paying dollars $2.00 per month.
Holy cow. So we were doing the bottom.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23680-0
<v Ricky Horton>I mean, it felt completely came apart.
This was a test. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23680-1
<v Ricky Horton>they were just bailing left and right.
We got that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23680-2
<v Ricky Horton>They shut that contract down and all of a
sudden, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23719-0
<v Ricky Horton>Multiple people not complying to things
in the PDX area.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23719-1
<v Ricky Horton>There's no pedestals for you.
I don't know if it's but either pedestals</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23719-2
<v Ricky Horton>or.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23750-0
<v Ricky Horton>Doing like the data center platforms and
whatnot. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23750-1
<v Ricky Horton>I that I can imagine that it's the
pencils are pretty specific.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23750-2
<v Ricky Horton>They have a lot of features. Yeah,
a lot of drilling at the end of the day,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23750-3
<v Ricky Horton>it's a stump.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23779-0
<v Ricky Horton>If you ever been a chip fab,
all the utilities are on this floor and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23779-1
<v Ricky Horton>all the tools are on this floor.
So they set these tools on these two foot</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23779-2
<v Ricky Horton>tall tables with all the utilities.
So these.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23795-0
<v Ricky Horton>Tables are pretty complicated cut outs.
I know I know one I here in Arizona.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23805-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I know. And there's one of them.
It's not like they're.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23831-0
<v Ricky Horton>Be a huge deal of things.
They're shipping them all loaded boys.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23831-1
<v Ricky Horton>I appreciate it. Anything.
Every single time.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23831-2
<v Ricky Horton>Somebody gives me something.
You're a good guy. Not by choice. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23847-0
<v Ricky Horton>If I if I have the freedom to choose
whether I can get glue or not,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23847-1
<v Ricky Horton>that is definitely not for that is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23884-0
<v Ricky Horton>15 when I was diagnosed slow.
So after that, free little became, uh,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23884-1
<v Ricky Horton>that's a busy dude for you when you have
glutamine. I have an autoimmune response.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23884-2
<v Ricky Horton>I like blood cells attack my stomach
lying when it intestines.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23884-3
<v Ricky Horton>I figure it was stiff. That sucks.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23914-0
<v Ricky Horton>What's that?
A lot of people say it's from the GMO.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23914-1
<v Ricky Horton>It's all the genetically modified foods
we got.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23914-2
<v Ricky Horton>Our body just can't recognize the the
greens and and all the different things</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23914-3
<v Ricky Horton>they do to them anymore.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23917-0
<v Ricky Horton>It confuses your immune system.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23929-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well,
that would kind of explain why you see</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23929-1
<v Ricky Horton>more today. Yeah,
we were kids 30 or 40 years ago, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23930-0
<v Ricky Horton>We need stuff.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23933-0
<v Ricky Horton>Second and dish out.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23934-0
<v Ricky Horton>Show.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23940-0
<v Ricky Horton>And there's been bringing the gifts. No,
we will speak.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23941-0
<v Ricky Horton>Problem.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23955-0
<v Ricky Horton>I had. We were,
we were a little bit changing banks.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23955-1
<v Ricky Horton>So I know one guy came in and he's like,
here's your presence.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23975-0
<v Ricky Horton>Please consider. Yeah, that's bonkers.
Holy moly.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23975-1
<v Ricky Horton>That's dedication and it's finance. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23986-0
<v Ricky Horton>And I left two of them. Wow. Holy crap.
Well,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/23986-1
<v Ricky Horton>I guess they're certain of what they're
supplying. They're they don't have.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24031-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm really enjoying that my daughter is,
she's 21. She's still,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24031-1
<v Ricky Horton>she's still at home right now,
but she's old enough to where she likes</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24031-2
<v Ricky Horton>buying gifts.
And so I don't buy a single gift at</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24031-3
<v Ricky Horton>Christmas anymore. She's like,
who do you want to get bought?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24042-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well, I don't know.
We bought some unusual cords.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24042-1
<v Ricky Horton>Makes me look good. There you go. Good.
That's what you're done.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24062-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I'm not. I'm not.
I spent over $1000 to get home from</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24062-1
<v Ricky Horton>holidays, so I was like.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24091-0
<v Ricky Horton>Your gift is my presence. Yeah,
so I'll be home for 9 days, Minnesota.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24091-1
<v Ricky Horton>So you buy yourself a Frontier Airplane's
car, the most uncomfortable airplane,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24091-2
<v Ricky Horton>like if you buy that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24134-0
<v Ricky Horton>Annual pass. How do you do?
All you pay is the taxes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24134-1
<v Ricky Horton>So I've been applying back and forth
between here in Vegas for the last seven</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24134-2
<v Ricky Horton>months, $15.31 a flight.
They just had a sale and it cost $299 for</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24134-3
<v Ricky Horton>the year.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24167-0
<v Ricky Horton>Package, right.
So it's $299 a year and I think $15.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24167-1
<v Ricky Horton>31 a flight. Utah was the same. Oh,
you find it here because I was like,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24167-2
<v Ricky Horton>I thought we should do that for Tucson,
but it doesn't help her. Yeah, yeah, no,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24167-3
<v Ricky Horton>you find a gateway, right? No, definitely.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24186-0
<v Ricky Horton>Frontiers have been in Vegas or Utah with
something about 15-16 bucks each stage</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24186-1
<v Ricky Horton>flight. I don't think they'll do too soon.
I have Vietnam. That's nice frontier goal.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24234-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's like sitting on a bucket, man.
It's they're not so much of hard rocks.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24234-1
<v Ricky Horton>When they cancel their flights,
they're done. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24234-2
<v Ricky Horton>the whole thing to that is you got to
take the morning or mid-morning flights.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24234-3
<v Ricky Horton>All the evening flights,
they're always either delayed or</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24234-4
<v Ricky Horton>cancelled.
I never had to wait twice in seven months</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24234-5
<v Ricky Horton>and delayed me probably.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24249-0
<v Ricky Horton>15.9 I was stranded in Seattle.
I got to the airport and I'm in security</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24249-1
<v Ricky Horton>like.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24279-0
<v Ricky Horton>Your plan is new. What are you doing?
It's curious. Well, what the? No,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24279-1
<v Ricky Horton>you didn't get the e-mail. Yeah,
there's my e-mail. Cool. My rider.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24279-2
<v Ricky Horton>So I'll figure out what I'm going to do.
Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24279-3
<v Ricky Horton>I'm going to talk about I've got a while
from here. They get canceled. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24279-4
<v Ricky Horton>that is pretty. That's weather cheap.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24305-0
<v Ricky Horton>I flew to San Diego.
And then when I finally got on the plane,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24305-1
<v Ricky Horton>we get down and they reverse the jets and
everything and the whole place.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24305-2
<v Ricky Horton>I might survive this longer.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24310-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I I have an orange County,
California too.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24353-0
<v Ricky Horton>More bumps and rabbits on those ones.
They've seen a few, a few fights.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24353-1
<v Ricky Horton>I fly there and they were done.
Just got a struggle in the American dumps.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24353-2
<v Ricky Horton>I don't have the everywhere,
so that's good.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24353-3
<v Ricky Horton>I fly some country all the time.
Southern country.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24353-4
<v Ricky Horton>I react and they're they're have done in
Minnesota. So I get.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24385-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
my flight was the expense department from</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24385-1
<v Ricky Horton>holidays and it's getting my two dogs
watched here back home.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24385-2
<v Ricky Horton>I used to be oil in the Southwest,
but I got a daughter-in-law of a bunch of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24385-3
<v Ricky Horton>dogs.
They've changed less than seven or eight</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24385-4
<v Ricky Horton>times.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24415-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, that's what I hear. Yeah,
the prices have become the same as</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24415-1
<v Ricky Horton>American. Yeah,
I just like if I go to the American city,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24415-2
<v Ricky Horton>I fly American, you know, go to Salt Lake,
I fly Delta.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24415-3
<v Ricky Horton>I go to Houston to fly United or.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24450-0
<v Ricky Horton>Bill is really nice, really nice everyone.
I have funded it while I just,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24450-1
<v Ricky Horton>I I can't give up my status of American
that I got now.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24450-2
<v Ricky Horton>It's it's always going to be, yeah,
I need to place out with that,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24450-3
<v Ricky Horton>so I have clear.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24485-0
<v Ricky Horton>Elite member or whatever it is.
I actually got the points I have.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24485-1
<v Ricky Horton>So this year I have three companions that.
So anywhere I put my flight,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24485-2
<v Ricky Horton>but I did all that before I started the
frontier things.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24485-3
<v Ricky Horton>That'll be up to this year.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24527-0
<v Ricky Horton>I get bumped up first class a lot.
And so I'll be like, wait,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24527-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'll be up there. Well,
they'll come get you, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24527-2
<v Ricky Horton>Because they'll, if they got a seat,
they'll find out who's the highest ranked</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24527-3
<v Ricky Horton>person.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24560-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, steroids will fill you up.
If I'm not, if I don't get in first class,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24560-1
<v Ricky Horton>if I don't get bumped up, then I'll,
I'll walk by first class and I'll see</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24560-2
<v Ricky Horton>somebody up there.
If I see a kid or something sitting there</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24560-3
<v Ricky Horton>smishing something, I'll earn that seat.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24602-0
<v Ricky Horton>It makes a lot of difference in the world.
Oh, it makes a huge difference,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24602-1
<v Ricky Horton>especially when you're flying from one
side of the US. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24602-2
<v Ricky Horton>you're out there for hours now. Yeah,
flying out here,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24602-3
<v Ricky Horton>a little over 4 hour flight from
Charlotte and I got first bus on the way</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24602-4
<v Ricky Horton>out here. Yeah, that one would fly.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24613-0
<v Ricky Horton>I didn't make any.
Most of my advice would be hours. So yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24613-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'm in here. Yeah,
that's that's probably good.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24616-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yes, this one.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24649-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well, I've got a lot too, do you?
But when I travel to the Pacific</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24649-1
<v Ricky Horton>Northwest,
I've probably lived in Seattle for the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24649-2
<v Ricky Horton>longest time. You know,
I'm a long distance girlfriend.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24649-3
<v Ricky Horton>So there's no. Why not?
They're all paying time. Long distance,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24649-4
<v Ricky Horton>girlfriend. That's hard to do.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24670-0
<v Ricky Horton>I just created a long distance.
I live here 3 days a week,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24670-1
<v Ricky Horton>four days a week. Yeah, yeah,
it's it's interesting.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24670-2
<v Ricky Horton>We see each other most month now though,
so yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24671-0
<v Ricky Horton>It.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24697-0
<v Ricky Horton>I had a funeral with my Brown on Monday
and people out here,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24697-1
<v Ricky Horton>we flew back to Minnesota together,
went to the funeral together.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24697-2
<v Ricky Horton>He got a flight back to Seattle.
I kind of flight back here. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24697-3
<v Ricky Horton>see him for a day or two.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24701-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's nice.
Who's file is correct in any office from</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24701-1
<v Ricky Horton>here? Some country does.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24702-0
<v Ricky Horton>The.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24706-0
<v Ricky Horton>About 3 hours appointments.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24711-0
<v Ricky Horton>I used to go to Wisconsin.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24745-0
<v Ricky Horton>Couple times I went through Chicago and
American never made it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24745-1
<v Ricky Horton>Always got bogged down to Chicago.
I finally said I drove here,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24745-2
<v Ricky Horton>flew up on Allegiant direct flight to the
Janesville. I was like, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24745-3
<v Ricky Horton>that's what I'm going to do from now on.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24785-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, because you can't.
That Chicago airport is horrible. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24785-1
<v Ricky Horton>I've refused to connect through it.
The one that I'm having much trouble out</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24785-2
<v Ricky Horton>on the status,
I've gotten started in more times than</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24785-3
<v Ricky Horton>not in Dallas. It's. I hate that airport,
but it's the biggest American hub, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24793-0
<v Ricky Horton>If there's a lady on the West Coast,
I'm going to be in Dallas.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24835-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
my dad wouldn't be interested about here</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24835-1
<v Ricky Horton>is in Florida.
He almost never can find a connector in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24835-2
<v Ricky Horton>the red flag.
Florida and here it's always, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24835-3
<v Ricky Horton>that's a.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24840-0
<v Ricky Horton>And Delta actually flies direct at land
too, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24876-0
<v Ricky Horton>That wasn't too bad. I love Seatac.
Seatac has so much stuff in it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24876-1
<v Ricky Horton>That's and they're completely doing a
bunch of it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24876-2
<v Ricky Horton>So it's nice to live in there.
There's a couple areas that are.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24913-0
<v Ricky Horton>Flow off by San Francisco. Yeah,
what I think about Seatac is going to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24913-1
<v Ricky Horton>security there to go to Canada.
Some of those lines, I mean,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24913-2
<v Ricky Horton>the reason I got Century is to avoid that
**** if you don't have a Century.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24944-0
<v Ricky Horton>Sea tax lines to go to fly to Canada are
just, I mean, just you could be there now.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24944-1
<v Ricky Horton>Last time I I may I get satisfied here
and maybe they had a a different thing,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24944-2
<v Ricky Horton>but they had seven different TSA
checkpoints.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24988-0
<v Ricky Horton>For one area, right.
And that would get you to gates AB and C</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24988-1
<v Ricky Horton>and but yeah,
I mean now you know it's this,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24988-2
<v Ricky Horton>it's this customs clearance, right?
Now if you have Global Entry,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/24988-3
<v Ricky Horton>you don't even almost need to stop
walking. You can just walk right through.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25003-0
<v Ricky Horton>Facial recognition gets you,
you just walk right through.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25003-1
<v Ricky Horton>So that solves that problem if you don't
have it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25049-0
<v Ricky Horton>Pre-check now is getting to be.
There's so many people.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25049-1
<v Ricky Horton>It's crazy a few months ago.
I had the kids pre-check.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25049-2
<v Ricky Horton>I'm going to get clear because I sat on
for 45 minutes and days got ****** ***.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25049-3
<v Ricky Horton>I got to get clear and I get clear and
it's pretty short still.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25068-0
<v Ricky Horton>I hope that it's clear because Charlotte
doesn't act clear. If Charlotte gets it,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25068-1
<v Ricky Horton>then I'll do it. But.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25072-0
<v Ricky Horton>That whole thing is such a freaking
hustle.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25120-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
it's still the the TSA pre-check goes</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25120-1
<v Ricky Horton>goes pretty fast. You know,
it seems like you know like 10 people in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25120-2
<v Ricky Horton>London going to that TSA pre-check,
but couple of times there is a long line</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25120-3
<v Ricky Horton>and it came clear.
I hate when it's clear people get in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25120-4
<v Ricky Horton>front of it. So yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25121-0
<v Ricky Horton>Oh, that's right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25133-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
we must have flied another light once</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25133-1
<v Ricky Horton>'cause the lines are so long trying to
get through, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25170-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm on the way to the airport for 30
hours. As soon as I get a net channel,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25170-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'll start traveling. Yeah,
don't be wrong.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25170-2
<v Ricky Horton>Last week I flew out at Salt Lake to
their home and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25215-0
<v Ricky Horton>I had a red eye, which I hate,
and I actually got done really early with</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25215-1
<v Ricky Horton>the client.
So I had about 11 hours before my flight</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25215-2
<v Ricky Horton>and so there were a couple of flights I
might get on. So I went on to the airport.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25215-3
<v Ricky Horton>I actually sat in that airport for 11
hours.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25249-0
<v Ricky Horton>I mean, what are you?
You're leaving here at 3:46?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25249-1
<v Ricky Horton>What time do you get back to the shop?
So yeah, about 35. No,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25249-2
<v Ricky Horton>I'll put it back later cause it's 3:46.
Plus you've got to go.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25249-3
<v Ricky Horton>Plus you've had three hours, 7 hours.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25269-0
<v Ricky Horton>So my flight leaves here 341.
I I land at 938. Of course, going back,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25269-1
<v Ricky Horton>it's faster because you catch the catch
the wind, yeah, but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25279-0
<v Ricky Horton>41 at home, so yeah, it's about 404.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25288-0
<v Ricky Horton>Do you live directly in Charlotte?
I live out there in Bath, Charlotte, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25317-0
<v Ricky Horton>A good friend of mine,
he moved from Phoenix to Houston.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25317-1
<v Ricky Horton>He works for Ferguson and then I just
moved back to Raleigh and his wife's</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25317-2
<v Ricky Horton>family is there and parents need care.
Yeah, that's about.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25329-0
<v Ricky Horton>Two hours instead of moving. Yeah,
I think we're pretty happy we live in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25329-1
<v Ricky Horton>Houston.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25343-0
<v Ricky Horton>So you're planning to move here or you
want to keep doing this or you can go</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25343-1
<v Ricky Horton>back and forth.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25359-0
<v Ricky Horton>All depends on if they want to build a
shop, if they want to do something,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25359-1
<v Ricky Horton>where they want to do it.
Keep being told it's not going to be here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25372-0
<v Ricky Horton>I get the sense of let's look at the
assets we have and try and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25379-0
<v Ricky Horton>Make those more productive.
I get a sense there's some of that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25379-1
<v Ricky Horton>happened.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25412-0
<v Ricky Horton>I mean, there's so much binding work.
You know, semi bond is busy here,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25412-1
<v Ricky Horton>but there's data centers are doing this
thing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25412-2
<v Ricky Horton>I didn't work in Arizona's in the mining
state. So much work in mining coming here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25412-3
<v Ricky Horton>We're not really set up to do.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25414-0
<v Ricky Horton>Finding scale.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25415-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25440-0
<v Ricky Horton>What's their next closest shop?
Other than the manate shop? Do you hear?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25440-1
<v Ricky Horton>Like what state? Bloomfield. Yeah,
Bloomfield, NM, just on Durango. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25440-2
<v Ricky Horton>just on the coast.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25461-0
<v Ricky Horton>What is it at the drive up there?
It's pretty small.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25461-1
<v Ricky Horton>I think most of their stuff's like back
and stuff. That's right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25461-2
<v Ricky Horton>I don't have a lot of equipment.
It's smaller than here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25486-0
<v Ricky Horton>What's the next one after that? Casper.
As I said, Casper,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25486-1
<v Ricky Horton>they have something in Texas too.
I haven't heard about that at all.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25486-2
<v Ricky Horton>I see it on the map.
What do they do in Casper, you know?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25487-0
<v Ricky Horton>Oh.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25522-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think there are all pipe fitters out
there too.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25522-1
<v Ricky Horton>A lot of them are existing stuff.
So pipe fitters,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25522-2
<v Ricky Horton>their Montana shop is supposedly set up
pretty well to get a new light structural.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25534-0
<v Ricky Horton>I hear there's not. I mean,
the report that Chris said,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25534-1
<v Ricky Horton>there's hardly any you're putting it out
either. Yeah, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25539-0
<v Ricky Horton>Where we do a bit closer because that
barely.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25570-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well, I think there's there's thoughts.
There's there's a structural shock. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25570-1
<v Ricky Horton>really.
I didn't notice that when I walked in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25570-2
<v Ricky Horton>yesterday, but I think that's the thought.
Could be, could be, but it's it's pretty.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25600-0
<v Ricky Horton>They got,
they got a plastic cutter out there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25600-1
<v Ricky Horton>They got a roller.
They just got to come out there and eat</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25600-2
<v Ricky Horton>it with a stick.
They got a little tiny press break and a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25600-3
<v Ricky Horton>little tiny shear.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25647-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's the extended instruction. Oh,
and I have the one that just counts.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25647-1
<v Ricky Horton>That's the extended instructions that
they have here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25647-2
<v Ricky Horton>So you forgot to mention that every time
we use our breaks,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25647-3
<v Ricky Horton>we use our shear breaks.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25655-0
<v Ricky Horton>No,
I can't even run it at it's actual</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25655-1
<v Ricky Horton>capacity.
The capacity they want it's derated so</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25655-2
<v Ricky Horton>much so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25674-0
<v Ricky Horton>And I'm having a break. What's that?
Iron worker? No, I didn't see it. Oh, OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25674-1
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
it's jump up their angles and fly bars.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25674-2
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25684-0
<v Ricky Horton>But mostly the flat light,
but the ain't going in the CPC.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25684-1
<v Ricky Horton>There's one that's working with it, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25690-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's like a low hate relationship with
that thing is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25697-0
<v Ricky Horton>I will go out and then the whole machine
will lose calibration.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25705-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then be like, well,
why don't you turn the machine off? What?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25727-0
<v Ricky Horton>You know what your machine up at the end
of the day? Well, for batteries,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25727-1
<v Ricky Horton>you shouldn't set your machine up. Well,
we didn't know that the battery wasn't</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25727-2
<v Ricky Horton>working.
We've had this machine for for barely 2</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25727-3
<v Ricky Horton>years. Why are the batteries working?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25728-0
<v Ricky Horton>No.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25729-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25741-0
<v Ricky Horton>We'll make it work, yeah.
So what's going here like 10 million here?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25763-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think at least the goal is to do at
least 30 million next year.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25763-1
<v Ricky Horton>So it's going to take a little bit. Yeah,
we've got to sell.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25763-2
<v Ricky Horton>You might have got to get equipment to do,
go do that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25765-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25771-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, it has. We just need somebody to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25775-0
<v Ricky Horton>Now we're confident.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25782-0
<v Ricky Horton>Never justifiable recently.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25788-0
<v Ricky Horton>Working and going anywhere in the valley.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25799-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well, The thing is,
is this job that we're going to be</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25799-1
<v Ricky Horton>installed along.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25817-0
<v Ricky Horton>I don't know who estimated it.
They estimated bidders back or</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25817-1
<v Ricky Horton>subcontract,
but the jobs are actually being shipped</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25817-2
<v Ricky Horton>from then.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25851-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's just what's not mine.
It's like somebody in the land won this</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25851-1
<v Ricky Horton>job,
and I think they won it because they</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25851-2
<v Ricky Horton>didn't bring the job.
But there's no reason that a shop in the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25851-3
<v Ricky Horton>land should be competitive here, here and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25856-0
<v Ricky Horton>Just outside just north of Phoenix and
Clarksdale.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25857-0
<v Ricky Horton>Ouch.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25890-0
<v Ricky Horton>But I think that's what everybody's
saying.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25890-1
<v Ricky Horton>There's no reason like if I think in the
pipeline,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25890-2
<v Ricky Horton>if we were to look at what's in that type
of sales pipeline,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25890-3
<v Ricky Horton>if they can self perform, you can just.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25924-0
<v Ricky Horton>Farm that out.
The question I have is how quickly can we</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25924-1
<v Ricky Horton>look to the sales pipeline to see
anything else?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25924-2
<v Ricky Horton>I don't think we're ever going to be able
to. Everest too strong work.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25924-3
<v Ricky Horton>Bechtel is just not going to be a job
that fits here for.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25930-0
<v Ricky Horton>A lot.
I think you can see what they do with</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25930-1
<v Ricky Horton>that one. Me too. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25982-0
<v Ricky Horton>And Bechtel's a bullet.
Bechtel's a difficult customer.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25982-1
<v Ricky Horton>Everybody's worked for Bechtel.
I don't know. Oh, they're brutal. I mean,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25982-2
<v Ricky Horton>documentation. I look at,
I look at the drawings. They got,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25982-3
<v Ricky Horton>they got some open welds.
It's not too bad.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/25982-4
<v Ricky Horton>Nothing really unusual about it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26000-0
<v Ricky Horton>But it's for years that it's like, oh,
the pipe racks are just like this call to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26000-1
<v Ricky Horton>the baby crisis, you know? So it's pretty.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26026-0
<v Ricky Horton>But I think the trick is job,
but I don't think we're set up here to do</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26026-1
<v Ricky Horton>it.
You get the drawings in November 26th and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26026-2
<v Ricky Horton>you got to deliver 7000 tons in March of
27. Yeah, that's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26047-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well,
it just means that some they haven't.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26047-1
<v Ricky Horton>They're they're not even ready to at
least because they don't.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26047-2
<v Ricky Horton>They didn't have them.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26102-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I was asking, can we have the Tekla?
I mean, I stopped. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26102-1
<v Ricky Horton>the time is pretty fun too.
It's like really good to tell this size</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26102-2
<v Ricky Horton>in that short period of time.
They gave it to us a week ago and then I</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26102-3
<v Ricky Horton>did yesterday or day before the other day.
So the truth of that is that thing if you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26102-4
<v Ricky Horton>look at the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26131-0
<v Ricky Horton>You know, I don't know if you've seen the,
I haven't seen that effort.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26131-1
<v Ricky Horton>So we sat on and I think like 2 months,
yeah, I don't know if I can see that,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26131-2
<v Ricky Horton>but I think it actually came from
somebody from Denver.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26170-0
<v Ricky Horton>That heard about this and look,
I don't think it was here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26170-1
<v Ricky Horton>I think it was stuck somewhere else and
then they gave an extension till the 22nd,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26170-2
<v Ricky Horton>like March when they got to the 22nd to
put the bid in.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26170-3
<v Ricky Horton>So how are we going to make it better
today?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26200-0
<v Ricky Horton>Or not. It's just a bidding exercise.
People are going to find out that Bechtel</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26200-1
<v Ricky Horton>shops well and there's going to be.
This is my gut feeling.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26200-2
<v Ricky Horton>I was trying to figure out what the
closest historical shop was to be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26204-0
<v Ricky Horton>'Cause there's not much out there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26228-0
<v Ricky Horton>Salt Lake City must have a good
fabrication SMV. That's Salt Lake City.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26228-1
<v Ricky Horton>I mean, they probably are.
It's probably the preferred shot.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26228-2
<v Ricky Horton>It's so close. Yeah,
I don't believe you think so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26250-0
<v Ricky Horton>So send them all over.
That's really has enough backlog right</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26250-1
<v Ricky Horton>now. Yeah, but I'm we'll see her.
Maybe I'm close to backlog too.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26297-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, yeah, that is.
They had one really busy shop and I went</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26297-1
<v Ricky Horton>like eight or nine months ago.
I was in the shop in Salt Lake and I went</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26297-2
<v Ricky Horton>to actually just have that.
Then I went to the in Nevada after I</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26297-3
<v Ricky Horton>didn't take the job in Salt Lake and they.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26327-0
<v Ricky Horton>I was already working in Nevada.
I can be there at the what's it called</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26327-1
<v Ricky Horton>Southwest.
So I went there and I toured that shop</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26327-2
<v Ricky Horton>and talked with them and they kind of
laughed and said I'm not even looking for</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26327-3
<v Ricky Horton>the people that are hiring to meet them.
OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26339-0
<v Ricky Horton>See, yeah.
And I know they have one up here too.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26339-1
<v Ricky Horton>And maybe they got a shop here. Yeah,
they have a shop here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26349-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's way too far away from my house.
It's like, all right, I have two hours.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26349-1
<v Ricky Horton>It's out there. I need some money.
Wait it all like, no, I'm not going there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26385-0
<v Ricky Horton>So there's in in Salt Lake,
just a little South of Salt Lake.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26385-1
<v Ricky Horton>It's something called.
I actually wanted me to manage their</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26385-2
<v Ricky Horton>their their TSMC jobs. OK,
I don't want to drive to TSMC every day</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26385-3
<v Ricky Horton>either.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26400-0
<v Ricky Horton>These aren't is there structural ceiling
plate, which is north of Salt Lake,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26400-1
<v Ricky Horton>where I was last week.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26420-0
<v Ricky Horton>JT Steel is literally about two blocks
from that setting. I really like this,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26420-1
<v Ricky Horton>so they do.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26455-0
<v Ricky Horton>I have a little bit of work out,
but these are when I was in the Fresno</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26455-1
<v Ricky Horton>government, right?
We need some like this stuff.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26455-2
<v Ricky Horton>So I need to be sorry. What's that?
What do you think these are?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26484-0
<v Ricky Horton>I thought, you know,
art in the name had something to do with</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26484-1
<v Ricky Horton>welding, but it's not. When I did this,
is everybody told me crazy?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26484-2
<v Ricky Horton>You think that the attorneys are correct?
This says CRZCR.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26502-0
<v Ricky Horton>You know, I like that. There you go.
That's what you're seeing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26503-0
<v Ricky Horton>I know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26509-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, it's getting a great even want.
I want to do business with them.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26536-0
<v Ricky Horton>But they want to sell us plate with a
semi truck load.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26536-1
<v Ricky Horton>Who's that Friedman Industries and we
don't. It'd be one thing if we took plate,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26536-2
<v Ricky Horton>sold it to the job.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26574-0
<v Ricky Horton>For usage, but usually we're buying job.
So these guys want us to buy and we're</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26574-1
<v Ricky Horton>getting, you know,
it doesn't have to be one whole semi</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26574-2
<v Ricky Horton>truckload of one size. That's fine.
I mean,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26574-3
<v Ricky Horton>I don't have time to run like I need.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26593-0
<v Ricky Horton>896 two 40s quarter range,
896 two 40s and 3688 and I like that's</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26593-1
<v Ricky Horton>kind of wild and they got insane.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26615-0
<v Ricky Horton>One inch through through 316.
I think that's the lowest they go.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26615-1
<v Ricky Horton>They'll sell me 964 is at 46 cents a
pound delivered.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26615-2
<v Ricky Horton>And what is like Smith sell?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26643-0
<v Ricky Horton>They're around 64 to 67,
so that's not Texas.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26643-1
<v Ricky Horton>They'll deliver it cause they got trucks
coming into the valley and they'll.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26679-0
<v Ricky Horton>And give it to me at that price,
which is great.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26679-1
<v Ricky Horton>I just can't justify the freaking plate.
I don't have and that's kind of why I'm</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26679-2
<v Ricky Horton>pushing to get this in the process
because if I can have a solid plate,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26679-3
<v Ricky Horton>I just start selling parts for the jobs
and track usages and then.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26718-0
<v Ricky Horton>Divide and conquer and skeleton
definitely.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26718-1
<v Ricky Horton>But at least I've got a good plate
inventory I can plug cost into and and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26718-2
<v Ricky Horton>then quote it out to myself. Yeah,
and and do kind of an internal thing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26718-3
<v Ricky Horton>I mean, that sounds all very good.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26751-0
<v Ricky Horton>I want to use the word easy,
but I don't want to use it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26751-1
<v Ricky Horton>I don't think this is really a a super,
super simple system. Yeah, I I,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26751-2
<v Ricky Horton>I that's why I picked up super quick.
So yeah, they do have the best data.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26757-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
of all of the I've heard that they put</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26757-1
<v Ricky Horton>good things that they're like the best
there is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26803-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, that's the thing though.
He beats everybody's prices here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26803-1
<v Ricky Horton>And then I go to the ACCV and I'll have
this guy who's getting 26 cents a volume.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26842-0
<v Ricky Horton>You have the structural.
So how's that work though? Well,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26842-1
<v Ricky Horton>they pick up our material,
take it over their gown and I can bring</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26842-2
<v Ricky Horton>back. So it's really affecting us,
but maybe we have a they get stuff across</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26842-3
<v Ricky Horton>the board.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26877-0
<v Ricky Horton>But my issue,
I don't be able to act the trucks to get</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26877-1
<v Ricky Horton>that done.
There's there's times where like it'll</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26877-2
<v Ricky Horton>get moving up in customs if we have one
extra piece up and then they also behind</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26877-3
<v Ricky Horton>all the MTRS.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26917-0
<v Ricky Horton>ACZ that I have, by the way,
you added two extra visas because there</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26917-1
<v Ricky Horton>was nothing good to go.
That's going to stop me.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26917-2
<v Ricky Horton>So my problem with it is either they
don't usually get back to me, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26917-3
<v Ricky Horton>I can't find out stuff, you know,
you got to have a couple names to call.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26949-0
<v Ricky Horton>Oscar and somebody else is like,
it's like, yeah, I don't know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26949-1
<v Ricky Horton>Ours is pretty good. Yeah, pretty good.
Back and forth with them. That's good,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26949-2
<v Ricky Horton>I'd say.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26985-0
<v Ricky Horton>Good portion of all my projects this year.
Really. So and then even, I mean,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26985-1
<v Ricky Horton>they stored materials at their facility
for us for also the two months.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/26985-2
<v Ricky Horton>Are they the ones that are in the area?
Yeah, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27021-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's what I've got. Our next,
the next level. Yep,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27021-1
<v Ricky Horton>they're in the back end or something.
I mean,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27021-2
<v Ricky Horton>they've been around for forever as far as
I know. So, yeah, well, they got that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27021-3
<v Ricky Horton>I'm already expecting to heard that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27047-0
<v Ricky Horton>I heard the whole Mexico thing.
I've never heard that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27047-1
<v Ricky Horton>I think they're what, Mexicani? Yeah,
yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27047-2
<v Ricky Horton>Mark and Rabino and Chris all the way
down there into the facility down in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27047-3
<v Ricky Horton>Mexico.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27078-0
<v Ricky Horton>In that it it sounds like they run up the
far. They keep all the,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27078-1
<v Ricky Horton>they keep all the workers,
they have stores for them in there,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27078-2
<v Ricky Horton>so they keep the guys healthy and
everything's all running to the T in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27078-3
<v Ricky Horton>there, very organized.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27082-0
<v Ricky Horton>This is still trust the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27084-0
<v Ricky Horton>Stuff leaving our facility sometimes, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27101-0
<v Ricky Horton>There was a while there we got into the
thick of the gravel because we couldn't</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27101-1
<v Ricky Horton>get a damn truck raid, so that was there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27134-0
<v Ricky Horton>Looks like your maintenance expired on
1/30/25. Yeah, that was a while ago.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27134-1
<v Ricky Horton>Reinstates maintenance,
one of the set price 2025.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27134-2
<v Ricky Horton>I'll maintenance.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27150-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's be on bottom and post as they can be
directed to Papa Connector based on the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27150-1
<v Ricky Horton>training technical support.
The only thing I also need is the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27167-0
<v Ricky Horton>Cutting edge, cutting.
I want all of their modules.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27167-1
<v Ricky Horton>There's been no reason my brother
shouldn't have every module possible</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27167-2
<v Ricky Horton>unless my machine is restricted on that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27208-0
<v Ricky Horton>Oh, that was pretty close.
I told him to be about 16 grams,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27208-1
<v Ricky Horton>so I'm guessing once they add on the on
the add. Mark's copy of this one.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27208-2
<v Ricky Horton>My guess is we'll probably get this one
replaced tomorrow, so in theory,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27208-3
<v Ricky Horton>depending on how long.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27216-0
<v Ricky Horton>This process goes to and might be able to
get this stuff pushed me on Friday. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27216-1
<v Ricky Horton>awesome.
We can get a little chunk out of it, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27221-0
<v Ricky Horton>But you know, that'll work.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27234-0
<v Ricky Horton>Let's do a quick test and see if we can
get into port 307.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27239-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27241-0
<v Ricky Horton>That.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27248-0
<v Ricky Horton>Go back to your um.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27251-0
<v Ricky Horton>That picture's really there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27273-0
<v Ricky Horton>One thing that I'm questioning here is
the text about if I directly left bottom</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27273-1
<v Ricky Horton>right doesn't have it directly.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27304-0
<v Ricky Horton>That points to where the program actually
is. I mean it it could be like mine.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27304-1
<v Ricky Horton>I have. I can run multiple versions,
so that points to which version I want to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27304-2
<v Ricky Horton>be running for that database.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27314-0
<v Ricky Horton>It may be with only one,
it just force the right one.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27314-1
<v Ricky Horton>I don't notice it,
but it's just different than mine.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27315-0
<v Ricky Horton>So.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27334-0
<v Ricky Horton>So he said,
I don't see any reason why it would be a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27334-1
<v Ricky Horton>different be a recipe because same server,
same.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27357-0
<v Ricky Horton>Unless it's just not about,
I mean they can have, they can start it,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27357-1
<v Ricky Horton>but I mean they can create it and not
start the service.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27357-2
<v Ricky Horton>That might be the the other thing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27361-0
<v Ricky Horton>While I was trying to pull the picture
back up.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27383-0
<v Ricky Horton>Please follow up.
So you see that Bob or stop service yards.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27383-1
<v Ricky Horton>So usually it's just like,
but that was whatever that was.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27383-2
<v Ricky Horton>So I think I don't know. Yeah,
that was this morning.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27386-0
<v Ricky Horton>So I mean the iterations work there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27389-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I mean.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27391-0
<v Ricky Horton>I mean, that's it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27392-0
<v Ricky Horton>Hey.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27403-0
<v Ricky Horton>See you in the college.
So for have we submitted everything for?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27411-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27412-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27431-0
<v Ricky Horton>This is probably a crunch. It's it's the.
Yeah, you're asking me to look where?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27437-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think just that port or that IP address
is not.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27438-0
<v Ricky Horton>But.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27439-0
<v Ricky Horton>I love you.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27443-0
<v Ricky Horton>Are you just testing the imports?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27444-0
<v Ricky Horton>Right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27445-0
<v Ricky Horton>But it's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27455-0
<v Ricky Horton>What's the default? 15 and six? Yeah,
15 and six. It is one gives us an.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27457-0
<v Ricky Horton>Hello.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27464-0
<v Ricky Horton>I see.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27475-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, he just wants to go on the tool.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27499-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think you should be very good.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27523-0
<v Ricky Horton>Diversity of IT.
That's seems to be the problem there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27523-1
<v Ricky Horton>I was used to the luxury of just walking
out of certainly, yeah, I guess that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27542-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, yeah, yeah. Two, I got a 12.
What a combo. Yeah, two different ones.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27547-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I love that you're here,
but you did.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27549-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27554-0
<v Ricky Horton>Ball and that was a normal Blue Healer.
He's uh.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27559-0
<v Ricky Horton>When you're when you're eight months.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27577-0
<v Ricky Horton>The development of a,
we'll be able to kind of bring them down</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27577-1
<v Ricky Horton>in some ways. Yeah, definitely got to.
If we were building, face and energy.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27579-0
<v Ricky Horton>I love that dog,
but I've just never owned it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27589-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's why I want the place a little bit
bigger yard.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27595-0
<v Ricky Horton>20 acres so they can just go wrong.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27596-0
<v Ricky Horton>I.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27598-0
<v Ricky Horton>You'll share.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27611-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK, cool. Yeah, that's my new one.
My first one made me want another one in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27611-1
<v Ricky Horton>my second. It seems we have a lot other.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27627-0
<v Ricky Horton>All right, look at this. Excuse me,
thank you very much. What's up, man?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27627-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'm running an official name here.
Why you got an exam?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27662-0
<v Ricky Horton>I meant the other things, but uh,
it was more automatic.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27662-1
<v Ricky Horton>So that's actually we're waiting for IT
is probably restarting the server because</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27662-2
<v Ricky Horton>we're having the server connection should
be in like, yeah, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27662-3
<v Ricky Horton>the next one is our regular ones working
just fine.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27669-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's just this new port and not having to
talk with it so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27675-0
<v Ricky Horton>But we can at least go over kind of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27713-0
<v Ricky Horton>What items you're looking for in there,
I'm assuming probably pretty similar to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27713-1
<v Ricky Horton>like the ROQ stuff we've been known for
wire.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27713-2
<v Ricky Horton>We want to get a place of wire broke out
in there and cages and and purchase of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27713-3
<v Ricky Horton>the lengths of the wire and then
purchasable items for.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27736-0
<v Ricky Horton>I guess bio items for electrical stuff
and that I hopefully will never happen to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27736-1
<v Ricky Horton>the wire again because it's extremely
stressful or in to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27762-0
<v Ricky Horton>But then you only have like 100 feet to
drop. But yeah, boom. Um on.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27762-1
<v Ricky Horton>I mean it's like 47,000 feet. But um,
the idea, the biggest,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27762-2
<v Ricky Horton>the biggest concept um is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27795-0
<v Ricky Horton>We're putting a lot of effort within BIM
modeling on the electrical side from,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27795-1
<v Ricky Horton>let's just say,
just supports right from any standards</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27795-2
<v Ricky Horton>from.
The level of detail we're having to go</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27795-3
<v Ricky Horton>through for a lot of these models is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27839-0
<v Ricky Horton>I mean it's it's an LD 400,
so it's we're modeling nuts and washers,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27839-1
<v Ricky Horton>right,
as we're getting it's pretty accurate.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27839-2
<v Ricky Horton>So since we're putting such a cost into
doing this,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27839-3
<v Ricky Horton>I want to be able to leverage the
abilities that we have within Tekla from</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27839-4
<v Ricky Horton>a nesting and assembly tracking
standpoint.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27850-0
<v Ricky Horton>So that we can actually run it through as
this if it were a structural building,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27850-1
<v Ricky Horton>right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27888-0
<v Ricky Horton>And where I'm running into is it's where
all the assemblies are for the most part</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27888-1
<v Ricky Horton>unique from a strut length and a rod
length.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27888-2
<v Ricky Horton>But from the grand scheme of things,
there's only like 10 different types of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27888-3
<v Ricky Horton>designs.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27931-0
<v Ricky Horton>Realistically what we're doing and then,
but everything's done from Revit.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27931-1
<v Ricky Horton>So if I do just an IFC export out of
Revit, I lose all of my metadata.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27931-2
<v Ricky Horton>So I don't really know that it's a people.
I don't know it's half the draw,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27931-3
<v Ricky Horton>it's just a body shape there, right? Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27976-0
<v Ricky Horton>So what I've been working on is within
Reddit,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27976-1
<v Ricky Horton>I can actually create a BOM that has a
set parameters in it and we can actually</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27976-2
<v Ricky Horton>create an Excel spreadsheet that defines
what those are and if we can leverage</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/27976-3
<v Ricky Horton>that Excel spreadsheet where we can bring
that into Tekla.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28023-0
<v Ricky Horton>Tekla doesn't need to know that it's the
exact body from the model standpoint.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28023-1
<v Ricky Horton>They just need to know how to correlate
it to a P1000, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28023-2
<v Ricky Horton>And so if we can come up with that system
and figure out a way to carry those cut</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28023-3
<v Ricky Horton>lengths and just the overall assembly
types.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28074-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think we could just treat it as if it
were a fabric and we can still do our</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28074-1
<v Ricky Horton>RFQs, we can still do nestings,
we can still do assembly, shippings,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28074-2
<v Ricky Horton>everything like that.
And so our electric prefab where we're</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28074-3
<v Ricky Horton>talking,
I mean thousands of trapeze supports.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28108-0
<v Ricky Horton>We can, you know,
do the same thing where the saw operator</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28108-1
<v Ricky Horton>only needs to care about his cutlass
basically given that day. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28108-2
<v Ricky Horton>And then go from there.
So that's like the big picture design of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28108-3
<v Ricky Horton>what we're trying to accomplish. So I can.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28120-0
<v Ricky Horton>So they're so you're make sure I
understand someone will repeat back what</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28120-1
<v Ricky Horton>I think I understand.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28168-0
<v Ricky Horton>You're looking to,
you're working on exporting out to do</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28168-1
<v Ricky Horton>Excel.
We get the right format to bring in here,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28168-2
<v Ricky Horton>then we will do the next thing and order
the next thing and everything exactly.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28168-3
<v Ricky Horton>So we can consider bringing a kiss file,
I think, and I'm not set on Excel files,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28168-4
<v Ricky Horton>but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28199-0
<v Ricky Horton>And it's been the easiest thing that we
can clearly define what that material is</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28199-1
<v Ricky Horton>is from itself and then and then I've
developed it's been working so far as my</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28199-2
<v Ricky Horton>gaming convention on like a a.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28211-0
<v Ricky Horton>TR1 is the single tier trippy support and
then we come up with you know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28251-0
<v Ricky Horton>All the they're all usually typically
rods and then like AB would be in the top</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28251-1
<v Ricky Horton>end connection would be a beam plant on
one side and like a big half inch spring</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28251-2
<v Ricky Horton>nut on the other side or something. Yeah,
I can show you.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28289-0
<v Ricky Horton>But I think cause I can build a VOM
within Revit to meet whatever parameters</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28289-1
<v Ricky Horton>we need. Yeah,
but then I can give you the import table.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28289-2
<v Ricky Horton>OK and it it has a lot of lot of fields
on it and I'll show you the ones that are.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28326-0
<v Ricky Horton>The required here,
the nice part is what you guys were doing</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28326-1
<v Ricky Horton>with like the material database is
especially on strat.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28326-2
<v Ricky Horton>It's the same thing we did on Eagle is
you're gonna have just a standard key</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28326-3
<v Ricky Horton>1000 P 1001 and they're pretty unique
shapes and then.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28339-0
<v Ricky Horton>We're talking, you know, yeah,
my scene for code and there's not those</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28339-1
<v Ricky Horton>things,
but there's there's not a lot of big</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28339-2
<v Ricky Horton>field that we have to create.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28351-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's possible in my head.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28391-0
<v Ricky Horton>But we're we're spending so much money
just to get to the level of detail that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28391-1
<v Ricky Horton>are are a lot of our binge requirements
we're installing,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28391-2
<v Ricky Horton>we're required to install within eight to
what we want.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28391-3
<v Ricky Horton>So at least you're whereas after you can
view from a a design execution so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28396-0
<v Ricky Horton>We might as well be fabricating it to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28437-0
<v Ricky Horton>And So what I what we've done in the past
so far is like I would send the these</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28437-1
<v Ricky Horton>guys just a a list of strut links right
or a list of raw links or anything like</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28437-2
<v Ricky Horton>that and they just kind of mainly put it
in and then give you a a deliverable back.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28442-0
<v Ricky Horton>Um,
but definitely want to take it a step</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28442-1
<v Ricky Horton>further on.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28487-0
<v Ricky Horton>Probably having those sizes to be
portable, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28487-1
<v Ricky Horton>And then I still think we just have the
flexibility of doing the one offs like</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28487-2
<v Ricky Horton>this wire thing, yeah.
And because I don't think that's anything</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28487-3
<v Ricky Horton>we want to build into our system as far
as wire links, it's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28535-0
<v Ricky Horton>This is just kind of a one-off deal.
We're we're pretty much talking about</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28535-1
<v Ricky Horton>linear, linear stuff. Yes, Sir.
It's not a nesting of a plate or anything.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28535-2
<v Ricky Horton>No, it's not a width length like things.
It's just a linear length.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28535-3
<v Ricky Horton>And then we just bring our, you know,
curves down to, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28535-4
<v Ricky Horton>as it's like a sheer nesting.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28544-0
<v Ricky Horton>Like it's theoretically not, you know,
we don't have, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28544-1
<v Ricky Horton>curved cuts on the wire, right? Yeah. Um.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28588-0
<v Ricky Horton>Certainly looked at this, it's been,
I've been working on it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28588-1
<v Ricky Horton>I just haven't got to the point of the
import side that we spend trying to get</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28588-2
<v Ricky Horton>our because Revit,
Revit's it's a different thought approach</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28588-3
<v Ricky Horton>on how you build your assemblies and it's
their family approach so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28612-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's you have to kind of have everything
complete set up beforehand and it's not</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28612-1
<v Ricky Horton>as to me.
It's definitely useful in a in a prefab</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28612-2
<v Ricky Horton>application as in a tech, but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28616-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's the industry standard for doing
mechanical design.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28643-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then all the other softwares that
I've researched on how other flexible</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28643-1
<v Ricky Horton>jobs do it. Yeah,
and they're bringing the Revit,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28643-2
<v Ricky Horton>but then it's very,
it's very cumbersome compared to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28676-0
<v Ricky Horton>Like one stop stop, the tech,
like they're still doing their RFQ's and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28676-1
<v Ricky Horton>combining in a separate ERP.
They're still not leveraging them</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28676-2
<v Ricky Horton>estimating like we're.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28712-0
<v Ricky Horton>I would spend all we're doing is the
trial of the what we've got and there's</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28712-1
<v Ricky Horton>something there out there that's built
for the from what you're saying that's</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28712-2
<v Ricky Horton>sounds too great.
There's there's the program,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28712-3
<v Ricky Horton>there's one other software out there that
that you actually.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28760-0
<v Ricky Horton>I would say combine better, yeah.
And it's only really useful though when</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28760-1
<v Ricky Horton>you're trying to actually recap like
things to conduits that you know and then</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28760-2
<v Ricky Horton>also like routing an entire room to have
it more suited for that. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28760-3
<v Ricky Horton>but it's not still not producing cut
lists, still not.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28795-0
<v Ricky Horton>Nesting and just treating it like BLM and
being able to refine like assembly to the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28795-1
<v Ricky Horton>shippable. Yeah, it doesn't cover.
Like I said,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28795-2
<v Ricky Horton>the purchasing doesn't cover any of the
labor tracking,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28795-3
<v Ricky Horton>doesn't cover the shipping. So well,
it sounds like from what you're</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28795-4
<v Ricky Horton>describing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28838-0
<v Ricky Horton>We'll make this work and it's because
it's our prefab based that they're</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28838-1
<v Ricky Horton>primarily doing everything almost 100%
just trapezes and basic supports because</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28838-2
<v Ricky Horton>a lot of stuff we're doing is is single
conduit runs.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28838-3
<v Ricky Horton>It's nothing that we need to prefab.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28869-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think you'll bank and get it out to the
field. Yeah, they think they're doctor.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28869-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'm gonna hear it.
It's like this means like we could easily</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28869-2
<v Ricky Horton>implement and then and then the nice part
is too is that I think it's gonna give us</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28869-3
<v Ricky Horton>the flexibility that like.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28912-0
<v Ricky Horton>Same thing would be. So if you get it,
it's just like then it gives us the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28912-1
<v Ricky Horton>flexibility that we can route it to
separate shops. So like say, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28912-2
<v Ricky Horton>the shops slow down,
we can route all of our shop processing</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28912-3
<v Ricky Horton>here and we can have largely bundle cuts.
Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28912-4
<v Ricky Horton>they can do final assembly in that shop,
yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28938-0
<v Ricky Horton>I mean because we we did all of those
healthy frames, right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28938-1
<v Ricky Horton>And that would have been we could have
leveraged that at the lecture shop or we</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28938-2
<v Ricky Horton>could have done it here,
we could have done some here, some there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28938-3
<v Ricky Horton>But yeah, because it's our lecture shops.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28947-0
<v Ricky Horton>More,
more geared towards the higher volume</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28947-1
<v Ricky Horton>stuff, but we got the bigger and so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28957-0
<v Ricky Horton>So here's the spreadsheets I've been
producing so far.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28963-0
<v Ricky Horton>I was 72 grand. It's starting.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28969-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I think until Keith does something.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28970-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28972-0
<v Ricky Horton>Mercy.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28985-0
<v Ricky Horton>There's really nothing, you know,
like if they ask,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/28985-1
<v Ricky Horton>there's nothing you have to do on the
sequel end.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29001-0
<v Ricky Horton>Or permissioning and or any of that as
long as it's true from saying on the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29001-1
<v Ricky Horton>address. So it's really.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29022-0
<v Ricky Horton>They said that's supposed to be switched
to port number and then we just pop right</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29022-1
<v Ricky Horton>in. Yeah,
'cause it's all set up in the same</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29022-2
<v Ricky Horton>instance as the other server. Yeah,
we're pinged into that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29027-0
<v Ricky Horton>All very good teams.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29063-0
<v Ricky Horton>So this would be probably one of our
higher volume type products for like a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29063-1
<v Ricky Horton>data center.
So it's definitely a lot more of the same</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29063-2
<v Ricky Horton>assemblies, but same concept.
I don't know why it's it would just be</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29063-3
<v Ricky Horton>large number of of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29069-0
<v Ricky Horton>You need some of them versus by the lines
to go to the last page again.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29086-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then so pretty much with the set up
for the pretab guys since you have,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29086-1
<v Ricky Horton>you go to the top.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29117-0
<v Ricky Horton>Assembly types and then gives you your
actual,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29117-1
<v Ricky Horton>you know parameters of what dimensions
what and then those kind of or correlate</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29117-2
<v Ricky Horton>down to this chart charts based off of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29127-0
<v Ricky Horton>So that first one,
so the charts based off of your tier one</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29127-1
<v Ricky Horton>tracks and then respond label.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29156-0
<v Ricky Horton>Um,
your lane was gonna be your strut length.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29156-1
<v Ricky Horton>It's up there. Yep.
And then 5 inch or 5/8 so I can fix that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29156-2
<v Ricky Horton>down to like the key 1000 and I can, yeah,
change those and then.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29215-0
<v Ricky Horton>Broadway, broad side.
So they're all the parameters are in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29215-1
<v Ricky Horton>there. Yeah.
And we build this however we need to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29215-2
<v Ricky Horton>organize it.
And then I can also relabel everything.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29215-3
<v Ricky Horton>And all I have to really do is when we
kick off a job to say, hey,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29215-4
<v Ricky Horton>these are the this is how we need family
to look and yeah, we establish all.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29240-0
<v Ricky Horton>Of our actuals of sizes where kind of
like our detailed standards of it needs</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29240-1
<v Ricky Horton>to say P1000 Tab of team, you know,
kind of thing. So the solutions, yeah, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29269-0
<v Ricky Horton>Scroll back up to the.
So that's what's what's described in me,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29269-1
<v Ricky Horton>right?
So the T1 EC 100000 is the whole assembly,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29269-2
<v Ricky Horton>is that correct? Correct.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29303-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK. When you you were to don't need to,
but if you were to the plan view and look</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29303-1
<v Ricky Horton>at where those are labeled out,
you'll see that that label call out, OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29303-2
<v Ricky Horton>So that means that are assembly. OK.
And then the components within that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29319-0
<v Ricky Horton>Or it makes me the rod side of the path
in the tree, I'm assuming. So OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29319-1
<v Ricky Horton>I see RR1RF30.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29325-0
<v Ricky Horton>So that's if that's it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29371-0
<v Ricky Horton>I tried to build this.
There is some instances where you would</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29371-1
<v Ricky Horton>have 3 supporters on one shuttling.
So yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29371-2
<v Ricky Horton>you don't actually see anything on these.
We're just trying to sign for worst case,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29371-3
<v Ricky Horton>but this one really only has R1 and R2 OK
position. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29371-4
<v Ricky Horton>have any that that actually.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29389-0
<v Ricky Horton>Did move in different and yeah,
I need to adjust it like my zeros are</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29389-1
<v Ricky Horton>technically actually like a standard one
inch. So basically we would be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29412-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
you're talking about the like on on that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29412-1
<v Ricky Horton>one, you're talking about four assemblies.
So you've got 8 rods that are two foot</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29412-2
<v Ricky Horton>long, correct? The ones that are,
the ones that are two, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29419-0
<v Ricky Horton>So to get that in the tech one.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29420-0
<v Ricky Horton>Hello.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29449-0
<v Ricky Horton>So required fields are quantity,
drawing number, main mark, piece mark,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29449-1
<v Ricky Horton>description, grade, length.
So that needed assembly.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29449-2
<v Ricky Horton>I'm thinking we're going to do a.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29450-0
<v Ricky Horton>Hello.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29478-0
<v Ricky Horton>A label. So the strut,
it's instruct type 158 single.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29478-1
<v Ricky Horton>Is that bought as is? Is that cut?
Is that what is that?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29478-2
<v Ricky Horton>That's got to be cut.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29507-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's one in 5/8, about 1 foot six. OK,
OK, so I mean, with the tech,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29507-1
<v Ricky Horton>with the technical terminology,
I'm thinking about the Stratus</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29507-2
<v Ricky Horton>maintenance, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29537-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then you've got an R1 and an R2 as
parts,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29537-1
<v Ricky Horton>but it can't be called R1 and R2 because
all of those are different links.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29537-2
<v Ricky Horton>All those are the ones that are user
different links. Yeah, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29562-0
<v Ricky Horton>Would be R100R1R200 with your labels
000R1 and then R1001. Yeah, R1002.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29604-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then if any are the same same length
of R1 and R2,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29604-1
<v Ricky Horton>I guess you can technically interchange
those,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29604-2
<v Ricky Horton>but to keep them in the assembly format,
probably easier to keep them named per.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29604-3
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, so,
but technically it's what we have in our</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29604-4
<v Ricky Horton>database, our regular fab database.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29642-0
<v Ricky Horton>With the P1 thousands and this having raw,
I would think they'd be able to run this</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29642-1
<v Ricky Horton>will be half in here. Yeah,
because that's why they're shifting by</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29642-2
<v Ricky Horton>hours.
I can't because I have to create unique</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29642-3
<v Ricky Horton>assemblies that are,
they call them families, right? Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29642-4
<v Ricky Horton>a family for it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29666-0
<v Ricky Horton>I can't really try to do a way that I can
go through and combine all like links.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29666-1
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, to call it a new, right?
So if if there's a way within our nesting</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29666-2
<v Ricky Horton>zone.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29709-0
<v Ricky Horton>But we can if we could combine like links
together, even though they'd be unique.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29709-1
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
we could still leverage with like a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29709-2
<v Ricky Horton>bundle cut. Yeah, and yeah, I mean that.
And then as the guys bundle cut, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29709-3
<v Ricky Horton>whatever quantities that we show of two
footers,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29709-4
<v Ricky Horton>they would just go in and just say, OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29745-0
<v Ricky Horton>I would just put all my 2 foot lengths in
a pile. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29745-1
<v Ricky Horton>And then as the assemblers come and say,
OK, I need to make a T1 EC one,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29745-2
<v Ricky Horton>then you just go to the two foot bin and
pull out their R102 and reassembly. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29745-3
<v Ricky Horton>because what I'm trying to get away from.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29746-0
<v Ricky Horton>Is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29791-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm trying to utilize our columns on our
stick out because we have a a min Max to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29791-1
<v Ricky Horton>be able to round up all of our family
links. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29791-2
<v Ricky Horton>I'm trying to get to like 4 inch
increments,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29791-3
<v Ricky Horton>but I think we're only gonna be able to
get to the one inch just so that matching.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29827-0
<v Ricky Horton>You know,
shop guys with fraction marks and yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29827-1
<v Ricky Horton>and attritions with fractions. It's yeah,
so yeah, so I get it. Um,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29827-2
<v Ricky Horton>so that's a running function that we'll
do in the BLM when we export.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29827-3
<v Ricky Horton>So we shouldn't technically have to to
deal with any of that, but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29838-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yes, is all the same material.
Is the material type like obstruct the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29838-1
<v Ricky Horton>same material type items?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29888-0
<v Ricky Horton>Not always,
but you're gonna have releases are gonna</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29888-1
<v Ricky Horton>be typically done in by by area.
So like classified areas are gonna all be</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29888-2
<v Ricky Horton>stainless,
stainless and then once you get into you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29888-3
<v Ricky Horton>know exterior it'll be or something like
that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29888-4
<v Ricky Horton>So will that need to be in this table or
is that given globally somewhere else?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29924-0
<v Ricky Horton>We wouldn't.
I would assume that when I define my</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29924-1
<v Ricky Horton>strut type,
we would expand that out to just feed the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29924-2
<v Ricky Horton>actual P1000 number. OK.
And then that would be like P1000. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29924-3
<v Ricky Horton>that's three, yeah.
And then that would be defined into the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29924-4
<v Ricky Horton>the grid.
So the struts are all in the strut.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29962-0
<v Ricky Horton>Correct. OK. What about the rods?
Are they always the same thing or is</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29962-1
<v Ricky Horton>there different types of material for
them? You would have,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29962-2
<v Ricky Horton>you would have different grades available
depending on. That's right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29962-3
<v Ricky Horton>So you know we can use rod that's in
there as the shape.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29988-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then create a strut shed,
which we should already have here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29988-1
<v Ricky Horton>It's a carrier right here. OK, OK,
which cause we we were doing like multi</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29988-2
<v Ricky Horton>trade racks,
probably over the old one in the previous.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29988-3
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah right so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/29991-0
<v Ricky Horton>And again, it's kind of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30035-0
<v Ricky Horton>We were getting to different.
I had some that we were designing within</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30035-1
<v Ricky Horton>Revit,
which the design of the unit of the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30035-2
<v Ricky Horton>Revit's very simple.
Everything architecture pieces are all</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30035-3
<v Ricky Horton>kind of already family, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30069-0
<v Ricky Horton>But it was a pain when we needed these
guys to actually fabricate them.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30069-1
<v Ricky Horton>And it was kind of a they're treated as a
structure component.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30069-2
<v Ricky Horton>They're designing the. Yeah, yeah.
And so we did a lot.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30069-3
<v Ricky Horton>That's where I think the database has got.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30109-0
<v Ricky Horton>Pretty messy,
but I was doing some within Revit and I</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30109-1
<v Ricky Horton>was doing some within. Yeah,
actually advanced steel.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30109-2
<v Ricky Horton>The majority of we did those ones.
Is that the same advanced steel with this</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30109-3
<v Ricky Horton>actual steel? Yeah, it's a it's a.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30156-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
It doesn't align well with here. Notice,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30156-1
<v Ricky Horton>like, believe it or not,
they're they're expulsion terrible. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30156-2
<v Ricky Horton>What sucks is it's an Autodesk product
that doesn't work with Gabit and it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30156-3
<v Ricky Horton>doesn't work with with either.
It kind of just stuck it out there and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30156-4
<v Ricky Horton>said we're not doing anything with this
anymore.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30194-0
<v Ricky Horton>Cheats the exactly,
but it's it's really nice.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30194-1
<v Ricky Horton>It's just like within like Eco Structure
where you can build families out and do</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30194-2
<v Ricky Horton>the same thing within. Yeah,
so it's it set up right. It works great,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30194-3
<v Ricky Horton>but they're talking about end of lifing
it and turning it into a plug in for</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30194-4
<v Ricky Horton>Revit. Yeah, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30200-0
<v Ricky Horton>In that case,
that could possibly solve a lot of my</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30200-1
<v Ricky Horton>other issues. Um, but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30244-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I'll get one. I'll get on in here.
Maybe it would be cleaning it up so you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30244-1
<v Ricky Horton>can just have one specific call out for
each. Yeah, just because we have,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30244-2
<v Ricky Horton>I mean one in five days back-to-back,
one in five days,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30244-3
<v Ricky Horton>one in five days solid and then.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30263-0
<v Ricky Horton>1000 and P 1000, so well, that's yeah,
that part of our actual kickoff was</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30263-1
<v Ricky Horton>technically they're all.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30309-0
<v Ricky Horton>They're all very similar in the P1
thousands,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30309-1
<v Ricky Horton>but you have actual unit thread that's
different than PHD callouts and how they</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30309-2
<v Ricky Horton>do theirs. So different manufacturers,
they're they're somewhat interchangeable,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30309-3
<v Ricky Horton>but also kind of the specs. But I can,
I can definitely that's something easy I</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30309-4
<v Ricky Horton>think to clean up on how we do.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30353-0
<v Ricky Horton>That so something really nice that I just
figured out.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30353-1
<v Ricky Horton>We should figure out how to get a
different fees on the drive.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30353-2
<v Ricky Horton>That's what my thought is.
I've got it figured out on how to what's</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30353-3
<v Ricky Horton>available,
what we can leverage from Revit.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30353-4
<v Ricky Horton>I think you just need to start from what
tech will accept and I can build.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30357-0
<v Ricky Horton>Of the BUNS to accommodate, so go to um.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30374-0
<v Ricky Horton>On the background here to close this and
hit technical user assistance at the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30374-1
<v Ricky Horton>bottom and then search for Excel
important.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30381-0
<v Ricky Horton>They're being one for production control
in EDC.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30384-0
<v Ricky Horton>So the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30401-0
<v Ricky Horton>Not all of these fields are needed.
You tell them whatever you want to,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30401-1
<v Ricky Horton>but drawing number, benchmark, piece mark,
quality shape. Yep,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30401-2
<v Ricky Horton>that's what we require.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30434-0
<v Ricky Horton>So if you can get it in this format,
it may be able to do it where shape and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30434-1
<v Ricky Horton>dimension are in the same field.
I think there's a big core type for that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30434-2
<v Ricky Horton>So if it's not split out of shape and
dimension separate, but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30477-0
<v Ricky Horton>But I guess you're really not defined in
shape in the spreadsheet anyway, are you?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30477-1
<v Ricky Horton>So no, I mean,
those would be defined down to just, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30477-2
<v Ricky Horton>the unistrutter.
So that's that's pretty much it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30477-3
<v Ricky Horton>And you you can use in the fields that
you want to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30505-0
<v Ricky Horton>Like if you want a category, sub category,
whatever you want to,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30505-1
<v Ricky Horton>you can use these titles,
but but that so I would imagine the strut,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30505-2
<v Ricky Horton>the drawing main mark piece mark would be
the same.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30543-0
<v Ricky Horton>And the strut would be there on where
they do 72 is and then your rods would be</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30543-1
<v Ricky Horton>drawing number and main mark would be the
same as the strut and the piece mark</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30543-2
<v Ricky Horton>would be the R1.
You know you get bridge with it somehow.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30565-0
<v Ricky Horton>Or one next year, year, year,
whatever you want to do with it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30565-1
<v Ricky Horton>And then it should. I mean,
we could call a few in here and just</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30565-2
<v Ricky Horton>important and see what happens.
If that works, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30565-3
<v Ricky Horton>you want to talk real quick, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30566-0
<v Ricky Horton>Take a message.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30581-0
<v Ricky Horton>If you have a an export,
you can try to import it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30581-1
<v Ricky Horton>You want to just take one of the line
items off of that drawing when you're</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30581-2
<v Ricky Horton>looking at.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30588-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, like that P1HC100 or something.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30594-0
<v Ricky Horton>The other guy I can add was.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30605-0
<v Ricky Horton>Coming up with and this might be too much
work or something I was just thinking</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30605-1
<v Ricky Horton>about is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30654-0
<v Ricky Horton>Because I can possibly create,
let's just say within some structure I</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30654-1
<v Ricky Horton>could create a kiss file that would be
defined as each one of those assemblies</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30654-2
<v Ricky Horton>and then create that as a body and figure
out some way of manipulating like kiss</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30654-3
<v Ricky Horton>file essentially with with the links and
then just.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30687-0
<v Ricky Horton>Just using that as just a single import.
I wouldn't and I I wouldn't worry too</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30687-1
<v Ricky Horton>much about trying to force it into a kiss
file. Really. In my mind,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30687-2
<v Ricky Horton>there's some kiss file in Excel, right?
There's not. So if the Excel.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30737-0
<v Ricky Horton>Makes it easier than I would just because
once I think what's nice to do is that we</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30737-1
<v Ricky Horton>get that situation where there'll be some
sort of a field change, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30737-2
<v Ricky Horton>And then we have a like a sub blank
ordering system where the guys can spill</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30737-3
<v Ricky Horton>out, you know, length, width, type,
whatever and then just send it in.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30754-0
<v Ricky Horton>Hey, I, you know,
Jimmy screwed up the design, so I need 30,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30754-1
<v Ricky Horton>right?
And then we can just leverage that back</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30754-2
<v Ricky Horton>into here, type it and then export, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30766-0
<v Ricky Horton>Are you looking to do estimates for this
in here as well at this point?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30814-0
<v Ricky Horton>Probably not.
So the way that the way that election was</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30814-1
<v Ricky Horton>estimated,
they actually have a a pretty good idea</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30814-2
<v Ricky Horton>from the field side of this. Yeah.
And so technically the way that they</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30814-3
<v Ricky Horton>estimate is based on the Nika value and
then as if these were all done in the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30814-4
<v Ricky Horton>field. Yeah, because they kind of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30835-0
<v Ricky Horton>The way they're estimating software works
is that they just put in a parameter</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30835-1
<v Ricky Horton>saying we can support every six feet,
make all the condo to run and then it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30835-2
<v Ricky Horton>automatically populates K um.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30879-0
<v Ricky Horton>So,
but in what would actually be long term,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30879-1
<v Ricky Horton>what would be nice would be from a
project management standpoint,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30879-2
<v Ricky Horton>we'll be able to actually to be able to
come up with realistic expectations about</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30879-3
<v Ricky Horton>how much you can put through a shop. Yeah.
So you're not going to overload them.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30879-4
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, kind of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30897-0
<v Ricky Horton>And that's maybe not to maybe not to get
into all the work, but yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30897-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'm not actually into the same,
but might be um uh next, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30897-2
<v Ricky Horton>I think so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30928-0
<v Ricky Horton>So man, that's awesome.
So you'd be looking at them to create the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30928-1
<v Ricky Horton>cut of this and what not you.
I mean ideally you can do this on the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30928-2
<v Ricky Horton>tablet.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30935-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, yeah, almost 3% of the tablet.
The only problem with that would be, um.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30963-0
<v Ricky Horton>Talking for like one of that notions. No,
I'm talking about for licensing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30963-1
<v Ricky Horton>You can only have one site for one good
site per per server. Yeah, actually,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30963-2
<v Ricky Horton>but for we'll call it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30966-0
<v Ricky Horton>Or database report. Um.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30993-0
<v Ricky Horton>So if you were to do them the other edge
site, they probably will separate. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/30993-1
<v Ricky Horton>I don't know, separate it somewhere,
but I believe they're.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31005-0
<v Ricky Horton>They're on the same.
They're operating on our same servers</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31005-1
<v Ricky Horton>though at the Dunn's facility, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31053-0
<v Ricky Horton>Other than an IP address,
I don't think they would actually know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31053-1
<v Ricky Horton>But if you want two different databases,
then currently go to your go site that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31053-2
<v Ricky Horton>they're using can only point to one of
the databases.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31053-3
<v Ricky Horton>They can't read from either or and the
database is just from a material database</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31053-4
<v Ricky Horton>standpoint.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31084-0
<v Ricky Horton>Word. Yeah,
like if we want to set or separate that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31084-1
<v Ricky Horton>from all their trials, right.
You want your own thing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31084-2
<v Ricky Horton>Here's all my and that's gonna be a
totally different database,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31084-3
<v Ricky Horton>which is what we were trying to open up
and I don't I I mean.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31123-0
<v Ricky Horton>I would say, I mean,
ideally we throw the same department we</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31123-1
<v Ricky Horton>have, you know,
their own electric coordinators,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31123-2
<v Ricky Horton>but it would be just easy to to have an
electric coordinator operating in the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31123-3
<v Ricky Horton>same zones then or the same environment
and then.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31156-0
<v Ricky Horton>There's no reason it it it should muddy
either,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31156-1
<v Ricky Horton>or we can just send it to these guys and
then they can produce the cutlass and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31156-2
<v Ricky Horton>then it just gets it gets routed to,
you know, the electrical team, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31156-3
<v Ricky Horton>And then he kind of executes from there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31193-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
because essentially we're both on the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31193-1
<v Ricky Horton>same server service.
That's where we're running into issues.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31193-2
<v Ricky Horton>There's no reason,
especially with those sizes defined,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31193-3
<v Ricky Horton>we can create electrical only jobs in
there and these.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31224-0
<v Ricky Horton>To find them out from everything and and
then you can be more you can go less and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31224-1
<v Ricky Horton>then you can use it over there,
access the compass the same as we would</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31224-2
<v Ricky Horton>hear. Yeah, that's something.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31230-0
<v Ricky Horton>I could see you running with the
Everett's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31231-0
<v Ricky Horton>It is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31277-0
<v Ricky Horton>It is a mix like, but yeah,
it'll come with its own pickups, I'm sure.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31277-1
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, but I mean I would with our current,
with our current workflow and everything</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31277-2
<v Ricky Horton>like that, I would see this would be,
I would need maybe one Douglas for and it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31277-3
<v Ricky Horton>would just be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31299-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
Mike would would just have control over</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31299-1
<v Ricky Horton>it and he would just be delegating to the
dot guys as as it goes in and out kind of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31299-2
<v Ricky Horton>thing. Now are you wanting to do um?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31300-0
<v Ricky Horton>Line.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31334-0
<v Ricky Horton>You want to track other things within the
system. So after cutting,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31334-1
<v Ricky Horton>you want to track the shipping of it and
whatnot there. Ideally, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31334-2
<v Ricky Horton>we we would package, you know,
because we're going to be greatly.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31375-0
<v Ricky Horton>We're gonna break things down into like
separate work packages. So you'll have,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31375-1
<v Ricky Horton>you know this,
you only would spread out across,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31375-2
<v Ricky Horton>you know, several work packages. Yeah,
and then we'll see the process from there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31375-3
<v Ricky Horton>And so the guys working, you know,
in area one.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31409-0
<v Ricky Horton>It'll be shipped out as an area one
package, OK, right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31409-1
<v Ricky Horton>And then and trying to keep everything
bundled to where it directly goes to site</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31409-2
<v Ricky Horton>and stage to that area. Yeah,
we don't have to shake everything out.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31409-3
<v Ricky Horton>It'd be using a sequence as possible.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31420-0
<v Ricky Horton>The actual work packages or your exactly
and that's kinda how we're setting up.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31469-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's how we're kind of setting up our
claiming anyways. Yeah, that work package.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31469-1
<v Ricky Horton>So,
so correlating that backwards from our</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31469-2
<v Ricky Horton>our take off because we're actually just
similar like what you're doing within</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31469-3
<v Ricky Horton>structures and far as like the once it
goes and gets claimed and kind of builds</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31469-4
<v Ricky Horton>the model, right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31521-0
<v Ricky Horton>So we're using that same,
they call it asset tracking,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31521-1
<v Ricky Horton>but it's the same concept within of it
and it wouldn't be that hard.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31521-2
<v Ricky Horton>Most of the work package is created.
It automatically creates a BUM based on</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31521-3
<v Ricky Horton>this. Yeah, we bring,
we could bring them in as separate lots</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31521-4
<v Ricky Horton>and we can combine across lots. Yeah.
And then still get the efficiency out,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31521-5
<v Ricky Horton>so we'll be able.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31523-0
<v Ricky Horton>Track it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31525-0
<v Ricky Horton>Separately.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31538-0
<v Ricky Horton>So do you strike come in like, uh,
like what? What license is it going to?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31575-0
<v Ricky Horton>Twelves, 20s. OK, I think, yeah, 10s, 12s,
20s, I think. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31575-1
<v Ricky Horton>I keep 20s probably are more typical than
I've been getting in. However,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31575-2
<v Ricky Horton>past the stretch shortage,
that'll be better to find.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31575-3
<v Ricky Horton>So we got to set that up with the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31582-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
price and maintenance in order to get the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31582-1
<v Ricky Horton>lights in there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31589-0
<v Ricky Horton>Do you know who's adding the maintenance
if that's what we have with order? Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31589-1
<v Ricky Horton>yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31598-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's great. That's not in there, right?
Or is that great news?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31620-0
<v Ricky Horton>But we've got a number of grades in there.
You can get add down with Bob and bring</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31620-1
<v Ricky Horton>all the other grades in.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31629-0
<v Ricky Horton>If you leave that blank,
we'll bring in all great set of stuff.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31634-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's always good.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31643-0
<v Ricky Horton>If that, which we have something for the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31650-0
<v Ricky Horton>This I think will work very well with
that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31680-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then so essentially if ideally when
we redesign our our families, we can,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31680-1
<v Ricky Horton>I can further expand these to where we
need to get to fittings where we can get</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31680-2
<v Ricky Horton>it to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31684-0
<v Ricky Horton>Washington minutes, yeah, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31692-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31695-0
<v Ricky Horton>What the I don't love and ready?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31710-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, but it's a 40 foot piece of what?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31719-0
<v Ricky Horton>Be able to get it.
You still want to pull it out the truck,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31719-1
<v Ricky Horton>yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31726-0
<v Ricky Horton>For sure.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31727-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31737-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's what you. That's what you want.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31740-0
<v Ricky Horton>No.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31741-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31743-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31767-0
<v Ricky Horton>So can can you you you said you can
modify ribs and you'll kick it out in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31767-1
<v Ricky Horton>this format. Yeah,
the only thing I'm not 100% sure is how.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31770-0
<v Ricky Horton>They're not gonna be electronic numbers.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31803-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, and I, but at the end of my opinion,
worst worst case,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31803-1
<v Ricky Horton>I think I come up with a a way to massage
the data from from revenue export.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31803-2
<v Ricky Horton>We can just do some pretty basic itself
up and then yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31803-3
<v Ricky Horton>get it into this one app.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31822-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
I'm wondering if it's one of those deals</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31822-1
<v Ricky Horton>where you can, you know, you know,
R1 comes out,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31822-2
<v Ricky Horton>append those last little digits of the
drawing number.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31824-0
<v Ricky Horton>But it's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31830-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, that's that problem there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31839-0
<v Ricky Horton>The easiest of, yeah, but yeah,
it's really flexible.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31841-0
<v Ricky Horton>And what you want?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31855-0
<v Ricky Horton>Great.
How's that going to get to find the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31855-1
<v Ricky Horton>because that that wasn't working without.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31890-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, on the the grade will differentiate,
so it'll be a stainless,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31890-1
<v Ricky Horton>a hot dip as any gold and so I'm not sure
there's some duplicates in there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31904-0
<v Ricky Horton>But honestly,
ideally you don't want to have to touch</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31904-1
<v Ricky Horton>it when it comes out. Yeah,
and I don't know how feasible that is,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31904-2
<v Ricky Horton>but you can.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31908-0
<v Ricky Horton>Somehow if I agree.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31934-0
<v Ricky Horton>Which we can have to do that sort of
global edit to. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31934-1
<v Ricky Horton>but that's it's honestly that seemed like
a parameter we should be able to easily</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31934-2
<v Ricky Horton>set up. Yeah, OK, cool.
See if I can get in.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31969-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's really the only thing you need to
try is the cutting of it and should be</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31969-1
<v Ricky Horton>done pretty much right. Well,
I would say yeah, the purchasing,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31969-2
<v Ricky Horton>purchasing receipt and then yes, cutting.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31993-0
<v Ricky Horton>Cutting.
I know we probably have the same sort of,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31993-1
<v Ricky Horton>you know, QC. Yeah,
we don't have any codings on it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31993-2
<v Ricky Horton>And then you know,
shipping and then the BOM and receiving</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/31993-3
<v Ricky Horton>field capacity for assemblies.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32024-0
<v Ricky Horton>Made here or there in the field.
The assemblies would be made at here at</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32024-1
<v Ricky Horton>the shop.
So who orders to put the rusting parts in?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32024-2
<v Ricky Horton>Like I saw you have bean clamps for that.
So the the beam clamps are probably.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32029-0
<v Ricky Horton>Just take this further down. Um.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32071-0
<v Ricky Horton>The way that they do their ordering is
they just do a a bulk order essentially</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32071-1
<v Ricky Horton>at the beginning,
but then the vendor does a a min Max kind</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32071-2
<v Ricky Horton>of thing.
So I would just say as the Azure</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32071-3
<v Ricky Horton>assembler is is pulling all their stuff.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32102-0
<v Ricky Horton>They just know that they're gearing up
for this assembly.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32102-1
<v Ricky Horton>So they're gonna go pull, you know,
I know I need 100 of these and we're</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32102-2
<v Ricky Horton>gonna pull 400 nuts kind of thing based
off of what what that is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32102-3
<v Ricky Horton>So I think we could leverage it further.
I just don't know if.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32108-0
<v Ricky Horton>If that might be taking a little too too
badly on.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32141-0
<v Ricky Horton>Do you want the do you want them to track
how many have been assembled and how many</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32141-1
<v Ricky Horton>have not?
Or just I'm really just tracking Caddy</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32141-2
<v Ricky Horton>with UC and shipping.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32171-0
<v Ricky Horton>Because we're gonna be breaking the work
packages,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32171-1
<v Ricky Horton>I think we would want to be tracking
total quantities of being done because</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32171-2
<v Ricky Horton>we're gonna spread across.
So you you would want to be able to track</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32171-3
<v Ricky Horton>completion based off of your.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32174-0
<v Ricky Horton>So probably your way out to the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32211-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
a lot more simple cutting around some</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32211-1
<v Ricky Horton>work, yeah.
And then if we wanted to track the the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32211-2
<v Ricky Horton>completion of the assembly,
if they have a QC portion,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32211-3
<v Ricky Horton>we can always find a station in there for
assembly and then have an inspection.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32239-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then when we fill out the inspection
report for this is going to be the job.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32239-1
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
they're just doing they're doing the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32239-2
<v Ricky Horton>first article inspection and then like
every 10 or so kind of thing,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32239-3
<v Ricky Horton>but but I think they globally.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32267-0
<v Ricky Horton>Go through that because yeah,
then we would just end up creating a blog</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32267-1
<v Ricky Horton>like we did for for codings because then
they could go in and piece tracking gear</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32267-2
<v Ricky Horton>and just manually have completed and move
batches.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32269-0
<v Ricky Horton>Definitely.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32288-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, that's that's let's see, let me see.
So the issue is, yeah, like I said,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32288-1
<v Ricky Horton>the switch is probably getting it in
there in the format.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32300-0
<v Ricky Horton>So can we can we create a a route that
will just say like?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32354-0
<v Ricky Horton>But we just call it electrical assembly
or you just need to fall in there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32354-1
<v Ricky Horton>I mean create a route and you can put so
much from so or would that be where where</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32354-2
<v Ricky Horton>you just what do you make more sense that
kind of bringing in one of the something</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32354-3
<v Ricky Horton>fabrication.
I mean I mean if you could learn to spit</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32354-4
<v Ricky Horton>up and then.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32381-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, we have.
These are all our routes that we have in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32381-1
<v Ricky Horton>here. So,
so we can just tailor one of these,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32381-2
<v Ricky Horton>create a new one for electrical.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32383-0
<v Ricky Horton>I mean here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32417-0
<v Ricky Horton>Does the costing have to roll up any
specific way or can it just roll up under</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32417-1
<v Ricky Horton>company 40 through 700 here at this stage
we would.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32417-2
<v Ricky Horton>So I think we would treat this the same
way that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32450-0
<v Ricky Horton>We're kind of doing now is that we we
would actually do combining and that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32450-1
<v Ricky Horton>would to the electrical procurement and
then they would just tell us the PO that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32450-2
<v Ricky Horton>they cut for that and then it would be
added in the system here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32482-0
<v Ricky Horton>Because I don't know at least the way
currently set up is is they have I mean</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32482-1
<v Ricky Horton>because it's still it's it's all under 40
but it's still it's two different</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32482-2
<v Ricky Horton>divisions so they just get it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32508-0
<v Ricky Horton>Keeping Mark in his procurement strategy
would probably be the easiest,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32508-1
<v Ricky Horton>but then all he has to do is just say,
hey,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32508-2
<v Ricky Horton>here's the PO number and inspect the date
and I think just bring it back in that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32508-3
<v Ricky Horton>way.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32512-0
<v Ricky Horton>But ideally we could get it to where I
see.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32514-0
<v Ricky Horton>One of us.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32529-0
<v Ricky Horton>Unless they have like a coordinator in
here,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32529-1
<v Ricky Horton>not the new doing where to purchase from,
but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32534-0
<v Ricky Horton>I want to see that this is not the other.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32537-0
<v Ricky Horton>Basically, it cuts on some of the week.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32571-0
<v Ricky Horton>What we need,
even if we go where we have that QC one</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32571-1
<v Ricky Horton>as well, we can add a QC one,
but if we want to,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32571-2
<v Ricky Horton>so our fit up triggers the QC inspection.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32613-0
<v Ricky Horton>Just cause that's tied to it,
but the assembly portion we can tie a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32613-1
<v Ricky Horton>case of inspection to that as well.
The only problem is going to be I guess</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32613-2
<v Ricky Horton>you can can do that,
but if you haven't typed an inspection,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32613-3
<v Ricky Horton>you can still mark it off the piece
tracking if they're doing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32634-0
<v Ricky Horton>All one every 10,
so anything that's in the route here that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32634-1
<v Ricky Horton>expects you to be on another set of
pieces.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32634-2
<v Ricky Horton>So then you see what you know 10% of it
then.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32682-0
<v Ricky Horton>Expects it a little in the future, right?
I mean, he can. I mean,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32682-1
<v Ricky Horton>he can go through and and check off at 10
we're done, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32682-2
<v Ricky Horton>And then just do the physical inspection
on the the 10th one. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32682-3
<v Ricky Horton>And or you know,
you can do it this way just like the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32682-4
<v Ricky Horton>whole batch has been assembled.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32714-0
<v Ricky Horton>And there is QC testing like a whole type
thing you can fill out that you can still</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32714-1
<v Ricky Horton>just fill out for the 10% of it.
So you have those records that you know</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32714-2
<v Ricky Horton>that the whole block is done.
So where's packaging and loading?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32722-0
<v Ricky Horton>That would be the next thing is there's
way more packaging on the list of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32722-1
<v Ricky Horton>quantities.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32724-0
<v Ricky Horton>Search.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32743-0
<v Ricky Horton>And that's like we take them stock,
cut them when they cut out the cut list</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32743-1
<v Ricky Horton>to take the stock and get marked out.
So those first two categories will get</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32743-2
<v Ricky Horton>down.
That's the cut of the skate cut and then</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32743-3
<v Ricky Horton>the assembly portion will be striving.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32776-0
<v Ricky Horton>And I completed because there's a huge
volume here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32776-1
<v Ricky Horton>Are you guys going to make packaging that
makes it easier to move them?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32776-2
<v Ricky Horton>They have for for the local stuff,
we have carts that we ship back and forth.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32811-0
<v Ricky Horton>And so they're ideally you would load up
a cart and then that cart would have all</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32811-1
<v Ricky Horton>the the same traps and then whatever
needed.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32811-2
<v Ricky Horton>And then then that would be correlated
with that work package and you go to that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32811-3
<v Ricky Horton>one, that one. So.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32827-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, they need those parts here too,
just to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32827-1
<v Ricky Horton>But I imagine those go to the field.
The field has whatever. Mm-hmm. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32827-2
<v Ricky Horton>so they look.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32850-0
<v Ricky Horton>Tech will need to know the road belt.
I don't know how many of these parts</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32850-1
<v Ricky Horton>should be,
but let's say I mean this looks like a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32850-2
<v Ricky Horton>huge quantity would be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32864-0
<v Ricky Horton>No, but I mean,
is it like 3 carts on a job or is it like</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32864-1
<v Ricky Horton>50 carts on a job we probably have on?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32908-0
<v Ricky Horton>We'll probably have 20 to 30 in rotation
and then total is ideally we try to break</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32908-1
<v Ricky Horton>everything into like one week work
packages.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32908-2
<v Ricky Horton>So if we're a week ahead of that,
a week's in the field and a week's coming</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32908-3
<v Ricky Horton>back, yeah,
I mean that always really gives you 10,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32908-4
<v Ricky Horton>you know, in the field at the time.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32915-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's here locally, correct?
What happens if they go to Ohio?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32959-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's Iowa's problem. OK,
now in the past what we've done.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32959-1
<v Ricky Horton>So between Iowa and Texas,
they have their own fab shops there and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32959-2
<v Ricky Horton>so that's their own rotation.
So we don't worry about that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/32959-3
<v Ricky Horton>We started doing prefab for Dallas here
until they got there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33007-0
<v Ricky Horton>Their prefab shop up and running and then
now 'cause that's what we what we did on</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33007-1
<v Ricky Horton>that line is we prefab carts and we did
the first shipment while they were</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33007-2
<v Ricky Horton>getting started and then that was their
first set of carts they used to ship out.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33007-3
<v Ricky Horton>But I think the firmest one that we're
gonna have to figure out is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33040-0
<v Ricky Horton>New Mexico,
it's probably the next one where we're</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33040-1
<v Ricky Horton>going to have to come up with some sort
of plan to be able to ship and then</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33040-2
<v Ricky Horton>ideally not,
we just need to validate how we're going</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33040-3
<v Ricky Horton>to get it back and get that cost out ways.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33076-0
<v Ricky Horton>You know,
she doesn't have enough in rotation to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33076-1
<v Ricky Horton>get, you know, longer lag. The farther,
yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33076-2
<v Ricky Horton>And you mentioned like do you do I get
something back with those carts or do I</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33076-3
<v Ricky Horton>just do single trips?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33103-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then maybe when the guys come back,
you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33103-1
<v Ricky Horton>maybe we do some sort of classroom when
the guys come back for, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33103-2
<v Ricky Horton>their family stuff every couple of weeks
and we just, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33103-3
<v Ricky Horton>have them drive and be all.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33127-0
<v Ricky Horton>But if we track those,
it's as assemblies in here,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33127-1
<v Ricky Horton>we'd have to ship and then we'd have to
unship them as soon as they came back,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33127-2
<v Ricky Horton>right?
And to feel that they'd be available.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33155-0
<v Ricky Horton>You just leave it away. Yeah,
it's just to get interesting with two</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33155-1
<v Ricky Horton>shops having a bunch of cars.
It's like a you're chasing those things,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33155-2
<v Ricky Horton>right?
Or they disappear pretty quickly too.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33155-3
<v Ricky Horton>I'm really down one attractive.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33189-0
<v Ricky Horton>Try to think how that would happen to her.
There's not really a mechanism in here</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33189-1
<v Ricky Horton>for doing that. I mean,
you could put them on the truck basically,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33189-2
<v Ricky Horton>but that's you'd have to receive them in
the field, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33189-3
<v Ricky Horton>Or else they can constantly show never
received, right? Yeah, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33191-0
<v Ricky Horton>Um, I guess you could do.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33236-0
<v Ricky Horton>If you after it's received,
you can do a next step, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33236-1
<v Ricky Horton>and to show return or something like that
where those assemblers constantly show</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33236-2
<v Ricky Horton>it's not returned and then once they do
get returned and check back in,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33236-3
<v Ricky Horton>then if you can go through the unshipping
backwards.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33270-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I'm almost.
Those are what we're just talking. OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33270-1
<v Ricky Horton>yeah, just carts.
But there's massive stacks for these</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33270-2
<v Ricky Horton>things. Yeah, well,
I'm almost wondering if we were just</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33270-3
<v Ricky Horton>within something in.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33292-0
<v Ricky Horton>So there's not really anything designed
that they track this asset that goes back</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33292-1
<v Ricky Horton>and forth,
but I'm wondering what the over again</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33292-2
<v Ricky Horton>some of the inspections in here is pretty
much a long building, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33304-0
<v Ricky Horton>And I need to try.
I need the forward inspections to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33316-0
<v Ricky Horton>Scrap guys that would check out like
grinders and I'll come with you over here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33357-0
<v Ricky Horton>But when they checked it out,
it was in a famous state, we'll call it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33357-1
<v Ricky Horton>And then when they checked it back in,
we've,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33357-2
<v Ricky Horton>you know how we were doing the follow up
and stuff,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33357-3
<v Ricky Horton>we've been following up and then closes
it out, you know what I'm saying? So.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33361-0
<v Ricky Horton>You know,
that might be a way to do it that way.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33382-0
<v Ricky Horton>And that's something we could probably we
can leverage and and like some one of the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33382-1
<v Ricky Horton>other forums within the ERP or something
like that, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33392-0
<v Ricky Horton>Or just manage it like you know like
through asset, right? Like we can.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33431-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think we could build it to be where it
would be very simple.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33431-1
<v Ricky Horton>Once the like the field crews would come
and grab stuff and it would disappear and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33431-2
<v Ricky Horton>be gone.
We never knew if we got it back or not,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33431-3
<v Ricky Horton>right?
So we had to build that to this job site.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33455-0
<v Ricky Horton>We got back on this date.
Here's the token.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33455-1
<v Ricky Horton>So if we never saw it come back,
we'd be like, hey,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33455-2
<v Ricky Horton>you grabbed us a week ago. Where is it?
Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33455-3
<v Ricky Horton>So I wonder how Mark can just track those
cards. The what? The tool room guy.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33457-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33480-0
<v Ricky Horton>I don't see really.
We'll get back together tomorrow.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33480-1
<v Ricky Horton>Is that great?
I wondered if between now and then we</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33480-2
<v Ricky Horton>take like the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33512-0
<v Ricky Horton>Bill of material that you were that we
were just looking at,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33512-1
<v Ricky Horton>get the whole thing and where we can get
it to the important and then kind of OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33512-2
<v Ricky Horton>here's your release.
Let's walk it all the way through and say</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33512-3
<v Ricky Horton>set one package. Let's go ahead and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33536-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'll be the next thing forward or getting
on that list and just kind of walk it all</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33536-1
<v Ricky Horton>the way through.
It it it it all sounds to me that if we</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33536-2
<v Ricky Horton>really do it then we'll run across issues.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33553-0
<v Ricky Horton>What would be good if we could get that?
Is there a way to get that electronically</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33553-1
<v Ricky Horton>rather than a PDF? That's what.
Let me see if I can get um.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33576-0
<v Ricky Horton>That way is I can get the Excel one you
just released out of the project PDF</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33576-1
<v Ricky Horton>throw out the check that we need to put
in the Excel for.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33603-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's intensities.
So on that wiring I think I did really</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33603-1
<v Ricky Horton>kind of unrelated,
but I used chat to do the nesting on the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33603-2
<v Ricky Horton>wire and it's utilization came down to
like.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33630-0
<v Ricky Horton>Uh, I think we have like 15% drop. Oh,
and then they went to tech room.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33630-1
<v Ricky Horton>We got what, like like a percent if that.
Yeah, it's like .04. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33630-2
<v Ricky Horton>that's where you got, you know,
really worrisome on how we're gonna take</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33630-3
<v Ricky Horton>off, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33638-0
<v Ricky Horton>When when you know the database,
we can just export out the export out the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33670-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm curious if they did it the way I
asked them to, or they just copied it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33670-1
<v Ricky Horton>If it's a big machine instance and it has
it in the end,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33670-2
<v Ricky Horton>we see disable all the other sizes, yeah,
and then then it'll just be catered to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33670-3
<v Ricky Horton>what we have.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33705-0
<v Ricky Horton>We can clear out everything we don't need,
yeah. And then if it's not,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33705-1
<v Ricky Horton>then then we can take that export and
yeah, push them through. Because yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33705-2
<v Ricky Horton>my guess,
considering how many times I went back</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33705-3
<v Ricky Horton>and forth with IT on this, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33744-0
<v Ricky Horton>They copied and pasted the same instance
in a separate port.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33744-1
<v Ricky Horton>So if you just say installed in service,
they will have the other ones selected.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33744-2
<v Ricky Horton>They will just read the there's no copy.
Yeah, yeah, that's my guess. Any concern?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33744-3
<v Ricky Horton>I haven't heard back from you yet.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33753-0
<v Ricky Horton>I mean what's going on with it 'cause
this this admin is incredibly slow.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33759-0
<v Ricky Horton>We must keep maybe is a call that's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33762-0
<v Ricky Horton>So this we have.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33765-0
<v Ricky Horton>I don't work. Take care of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33785-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, we can do that.
There's no reason we can't have it in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33785-1
<v Ricky Horton>here with the regular stuff,
but we can also keep it separated,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33785-2
<v Ricky Horton>just keep it clean. So we get.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33828-0
<v Ricky Horton>I've got,
I've got a copy of the blank database,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33828-1
<v Ricky Horton>so I mean not blank without the box
database.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33828-2
<v Ricky Horton>So if on the other one we just want to
say I don't want to have to take the time</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33828-3
<v Ricky Horton>to get through and wipe out everything
you got in there and you want to be clean,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33828-4
<v Ricky Horton>we can just restore it. Well,
we got to have it restored.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33862-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, but several of the processes here,
reaching back out to IT needs and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33862-1
<v Ricky Horton>assistance. Yeah,
it's not too hard to join. I mean,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33862-2
<v Ricky Horton>it'll be a big ask,
even I'm sure it'll be a real problem.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33862-3
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
promoting all of our jobs and disabling</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33862-4
<v Ricky Horton>all of it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33866-0
<v Ricky Horton>Do they need all the signs that they
don't need? Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33895-0
<v Ricky Horton>So if you had done it all and that it was
all red, so everything, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33895-1
<v Ricky Horton>a project manager. Yeah, OK,
but that's all we do. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33895-2
<v Ricky Horton>And then and then and then files for
download.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33898-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's the one I didn't click.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33938-0
<v Ricky Horton>He just dropped it in the folder.
So I know it was there. It wasn't it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33938-1
<v Ricky Horton>I was like, how was it there?
And I just like,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33938-2
<v Ricky Horton>did I really not grab that one? I'm like,
it must have been so many years to let</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33938-3
<v Ricky Horton>him go crazy.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33957-0
<v Ricky Horton>Listen,
I wouldn't be out of the realm of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33957-1
<v Ricky Horton>possibilities for me to look at that and
go. I don't need that. I do need that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33957-2
<v Ricky Horton>I need it done so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33962-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's OK.
I was just sitting there going through</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33962-1
<v Ricky Horton>each drawing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33967-0
<v Ricky Horton>It'll be a lot faster if the import
actually increase.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/33968-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34002-0
<v Ricky Horton>Do you need anything fuller, Mr.
Ragner and then cook? Thank you all.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34002-1
<v Ricky Horton>Why is it on the water fridge?
I don't know what's in the actual water</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34002-2
<v Ricky Horton>fridge.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34009-0
<v Ricky Horton>Oh, more liquid. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34010-0
<v Ricky Horton>And what?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34031-0
<v Ricky Horton>Hey on a when we did call one call to you
with on 82. That's OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34058-0
<v Ricky Horton>Did you actually do the revenue file or
did you do everything should check now or</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34058-1
<v Ricky Horton>so I think it's one of either to or?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34063-0
<v Ricky Horton>I mean, that was the other thing.
I don't know. I don't know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34066-0
<v Ricky Horton>They double check so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34076-0
<v Ricky Horton>What we're working on, we're trying to,
we're working on the frame.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34094-0
<v Ricky Horton>Manipulating that, uh,
DOM once it's out to and drag these into</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34094-1
<v Ricky Horton>the tag list so that you don't have to
name the tag list about anymore.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34105-0
<v Ricky Horton>And so I wanna see just, yeah,
that into Excel.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34107-0
<v Ricky Horton>Correct me.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34112-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, the file.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34118-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34120-0
<v Ricky Horton>Show me.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34140-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's fine.
I just you go to like you know the sheet</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34140-1
<v Ricky Horton>section,
it's like the last one that should like</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34140-2
<v Ricky Horton>our generic track one, track two,
track three.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34143-0
<v Ricky Horton>They have like the full deal built out.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34146-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34156-0
<v Ricky Horton>Stay a little bit higher. Yeah,
just feel free to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34159-0
<v Ricky Horton>WhatsApp.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34163-0
<v Ricky Horton>Um.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34165-0
<v Ricky Horton>Show you what I got.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34180-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, so when I've been looking, yeah,
I'll show you first one I've been working</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34180-1
<v Ricky Horton>on is uh.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34188-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, 82 the the cold electrical.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34199-0
<v Ricky Horton>So pretty much this these spreadsheets
I'll see by getting to Excel.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34210-0
<v Ricky Horton>It doesn't have to be these ones,
I just need.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34210-1
<v Ricky Horton>It doesn't have to be the specific ones,
I just need.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34212-0
<v Ricky Horton>So I'm going to work on.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34223-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I can export all the schedule.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34243-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, just just take this,
just do call 1 electrical to tier one and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34243-1
<v Ricky Horton>then can you actually pull up?
Are you able to modify these tables?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34260-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, yes Sir. Cool.
Can you pull up what and show us what's</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34260-1
<v Ricky Horton>available?
I want to see if we can add some stuff to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34260-2
<v Ricky Horton>it to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34272-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, don't think so. I know it's how.
I know it's how you know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34273-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's fine.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34274-0
<v Ricky Horton>Alright.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34279-0
<v Ricky Horton>So yeah, I was able to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34290-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's going back. So what?
Can you pull it down the the charter? Yes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34293-0
<v Ricky Horton>So what?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34295-0
<v Ricky Horton>Awesome. Thanks.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34299-0
<v Ricky Horton>So go back to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34309-0
<v Ricky Horton>So we have so label is needed.
It needs to be exact order, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34338-0
<v Ricky Horton>If it's not in this order,
I can just remap it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34338-1
<v Ricky Horton>As long as it has those,
I'll just tell it what column to look at</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34338-2
<v Ricky Horton>for what data. OK, so so they're drawing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34341-0
<v Ricky Horton>We have found.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34349-0
<v Ricky Horton>But the count is only really applying to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34358-0
<v Ricky Horton>The overall assembly,
but it's giving me piece mark which I</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34358-1
<v Ricky Horton>should try.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34359-0
<v Ricky Horton>Bad.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34373-0
<v Ricky Horton>It'll automatically assign weights, right?
Based on, based on report and then.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34392-0
<v Ricky Horton>I mean create anything you know this can
you we're not assigning grades in here at</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34392-1
<v Ricky Horton>all as far as on this on the strap while
it was.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34396-0
<v Ricky Horton>If there's something I can redo it,
I'll see.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34427-0
<v Ricky Horton>So if I wanted to essentially if I wanted
to reorganize this to where see we have</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34427-1
<v Ricky Horton>our label and then our labels can be our
and then and I would want another.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34453-0
<v Ricky Horton>Why after that it's where the label it
would be the label would read like R1 and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34453-1
<v Ricky Horton>then the last three digits of the label
just so I can increase a part for the raw</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34453-2
<v Ricky Horton>links.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34461-0
<v Ricky Horton>He's running in here. Yeah,
so I wouldn't wanna.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34474-0
<v Ricky Horton>So essentially we had all this list to
cover, so I would want.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34483-0
<v Ricky Horton>Another label and then it'd be label.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34490-0
<v Ricky Horton>I see it wrong, but I have a second.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34499-0
<v Ricky Horton>So I would wanted to add another column
in there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34500-0
<v Ricky Horton>It.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34503-0
<v Ricky Horton>So this is but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34509-0
<v Ricky Horton>I can send you a screenshot.
You can send it to one.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34514-0
<v Ricky Horton>Just in all of them to share.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34550-0
<v Ricky Horton>So you see what we need to do is we need
to create a piece mark for the rod that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34550-1
<v Ricky Horton>ties it to what our main markings for the
actual trip pieces separately, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34550-2
<v Ricky Horton>So so I can have first T1 and C1.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34552-0
<v Ricky Horton>There, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34583-0
<v Ricky Horton>We have, you know, it's 40 units,
shredded few thousands and then you have</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34583-1
<v Ricky Horton>four half of troughs that are going to be
RR one,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34583-2
<v Ricky Horton>3 digits from the piece mark that R23
digits from the piece mark, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34589-0
<v Ricky Horton>And we see how that ties to the main mark.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34591-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, Paul, how how that looks.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34600-0
<v Ricky Horton>Can you see if you can manipulate that
Excel spreadsheet?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34609-0
<v Ricky Horton>Or I'm sorry,
the right he went to kind of look like</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34609-1
<v Ricky Horton>this.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34611-0
<v Ricky Horton>I get it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34622-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK, that's not my.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34623-0
<v Ricky Horton>No.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34655-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's probably just like fully stubbed.
It's not okay anything right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34655-1
<v Ricky Horton>It's not right.
But it's like in the future and then that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34655-2
<v Ricky Horton>stuff's gonna check here.
It's whatever parameter in your can pull</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34655-3
<v Ricky Horton>from.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34658-0
<v Ricky Horton>Hey, Cortana.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34676-0
<v Ricky Horton>And because Excel,
we want to have those kind of,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34676-1
<v Ricky Horton>so we're just gonna privacy to give them
a little bit.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34691-0
<v Ricky Horton>Um, to have all these parameters? Yeah.
So why don't you just give me?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34710-0
<v Ricky Horton>Just give me the Excel export of just
that version one and I I think I just it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34710-1
<v Ricky Horton>within Excel.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34714-0
<v Ricky Horton>So you're gonna be a back work and then.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34732-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then we can work getting up the with
the team to get our actually many of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34732-1
<v Ricky Horton>their panels or these will be ones to
match.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34742-0
<v Ricky Horton>Have used to be fair. Well, yeah,
this is the way this was built, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34742-1
<v Ricky Horton>We're still.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34744-0
<v Ricky Horton>No.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34796-0
<v Ricky Horton>Are we simple on that?
That's how's have we done the process of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34796-1
<v Ricky Horton>getting like codings that that's all it
is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34796-2
<v Ricky Horton>Are we seeing it be the same when we're
not given any sort of like actual files,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34796-3
<v Ricky Horton>we're doing the same Excel import or how
are we doing that? I don't know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34832-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
most of the coatings customers have been</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34832-1
<v Ricky Horton>supplying KISS files without without the
KISS file.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34832-2
<v Ricky Horton>We did kind of guess any chances of all
the manual boards,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34832-3
<v Ricky Horton>but that that would be probably about the
only other way.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34871-0
<v Ricky Horton>Would be manual imports and index out
imports. We can do the same.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34871-1
<v Ricky Horton>So the pro shot we've been getting better
as files. Yeah, alright, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34871-2
<v Ricky Horton>especially with the one that's coming up
for TSMC, that's right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34871-3
<v Ricky Horton>We're good to go in place.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34902-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
importing for the scope that they're</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34902-1
<v Ricky Horton>going to get that wording and that's all
importing pretty easily in there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34902-2
<v Ricky Horton>So I have all that working out,
but it doesn't need from the great little</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34902-3
<v Ricky Horton>stuff we weren't getting a lot of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34911-0
<v Ricky Horton>Locked in test files. So are you um?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34970-0
<v Ricky Horton>Are you trying to get PFXD files on your
jugs rather than kiss files? Yes,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34970-1
<v Ricky Horton>because kiss files are going to go away.
So yeah, they're a good job. So yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34970-2
<v Ricky Horton>and with them,
with them you can do the kiss files,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/34970-3
<v Ricky Horton>they export out of their spermis and then
give us.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35016-0
<v Ricky Horton>Their own sets. Um, but yeah,
they've been doing kiss files and then</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35016-1
<v Ricky Horton>we've been getting IFCS. Um,
verifies that their IFCS exported</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35016-2
<v Ricky Horton>fabrication views so we can use it on the
HoloLens. Um,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35016-3
<v Ricky Horton>but I did at least have an IFC that I can
upload in Trimble.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35049-0
<v Ricky Horton>Problems that they do like weekly updates
on it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35049-1
<v Ricky Horton>So we get a new IRC every single week
with revisions.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35049-2
<v Ricky Horton>What are we using on codings of the
HoloLens? Uh,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35049-3
<v Ricky Horton>nothing for codings of the HoloLens
that's all kind of stuff, but but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35091-0
<v Ricky Horton>For for files that we've been requesting
that are actually giving IFCS kiss files,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35091-1
<v Ricky Horton>they have not supplied a PFXD file as of
yet. So but we talk about, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35091-2
<v Ricky Horton>what's that part of what we got is that
PFXD file is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35097-0
<v Ricky Horton>You need that, yeah,
but if the details are showing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35135-0
<v Ricky Horton>Detailing and SDS or which is probably
the case. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35135-1
<v Ricky Horton>sometimes it takes a little longer to.
Yeah, for. But yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35135-2
<v Ricky Horton>I have this all set up in here.
I just need to Add all the routing that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35135-3
<v Ricky Horton>we added.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35141-0
<v Ricky Horton>A complex paint route.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35190-0
<v Ricky Horton>So you can kind of see what we broke out
yesterday.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35190-1
<v Ricky Horton>So now now they'll have the ability to
track their prep, intermediate pro,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35190-2
<v Ricky Horton>prime and finish pro for the complex and
and all of these can be marked up in EP</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35190-3
<v Ricky Horton>and go.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35218-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then we also created an inspection
report for them for their service prep in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35218-1
<v Ricky Horton>our inspection area so that they can do
and Moe was a little hesitant to get away</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35218-2
<v Ricky Horton>from site talks.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35246-0
<v Ricky Horton>But most of all of his reports can be
redone in here and done from UPN go.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35246-1
<v Ricky Horton>So I'm assuming in the future once we
actually get kicked out the site that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35246-2
<v Ricky Horton>slowly if we do.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35250-0
<v Ricky Horton>All of that stuff can be transferred in.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35251-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35269-0
<v Ricky Horton>We also tweaked the we added three
different coating types,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35269-1
<v Ricky Horton>so we got the high solids,
the steel spec and macro epoxy.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35317-0
<v Ricky Horton>So we added all these in and we
configured the container sizes for what</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35317-1
<v Ricky Horton>their purchasable units are and their
cost per gallon,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35317-2
<v Ricky Horton>which might have to be updated if that
does change and then their coverage.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35317-3
<v Ricky Horton>So estimates when we plug one in.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35350-0
<v Ricky Horton>Should be pretty on point with exactly
what they're looking for.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35350-1
<v Ricky Horton>As for what our estimates summary will
show for how many gallons they need over</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35350-2
<v Ricky Horton>the price on the summary and and the
square footage usages, does that?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35369-0
<v Ricky Horton>Does that description carry through on
travelers at all? No, it doesn't. Uh,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35369-1
<v Ricky Horton>doesn't doesn't. So I did.
We did end up adding into production.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35410-0
<v Ricky Horton>Additional finishes in here.
So we do have complex SP2SP3SP6 as well</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35410-1
<v Ricky Horton>as simple SP one through 6.
So we'll at least have a prep call out to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35410-2
<v Ricky Horton>finish and that will show up on the
travelers.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35449-0
<v Ricky Horton>But you can kind of adjust the finishes
however we want.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35449-1
<v Ricky Horton>So if we wanted to add the paint spec and
the surface prep spec in there, we could.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35449-2
<v Ricky Horton>It's just gonna make a list that didn't
come along. No, I I just want to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35464-0
<v Ricky Horton>We have a hard time getting the details
on board with right specs.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35464-1
<v Ricky Horton>I just want to make sure that we.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35489-0
<v Ricky Horton>The process right now is that submittal
travels with it, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35489-1
<v Ricky Horton>So they reference to the actual submittal.
So I just wanna make sure we're not</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35489-2
<v Ricky Horton>possibly conflicting data, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35532-0
<v Ricky Horton>No, we should be good there. None of that.
All those other ones we were just looking</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35532-1
<v Ricky Horton>at are just on the estimate side.
So those are options you can pick when</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35532-2
<v Ricky Horton>you're starting a new job.
If you're in here,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35532-3
<v Ricky Horton>you can go into your paid systems and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35572-0
<v Ricky Horton>And go in here and move over multiple
codes and do custom systems and then</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35572-1
<v Ricky Horton>clean systems as well.
If you were doing an SP2 and an SP6 then</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35572-2
<v Ricky Horton>you can account for the layer for
multiple systems for singular systems on</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35572-3
<v Ricky Horton>your estimates.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35573-0
<v Ricky Horton>Stop.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35611-0
<v Ricky Horton>We got that redialed in yesterday and and
adjusted the labor in there so that it's</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35611-1
<v Ricky Horton>matching what Moe's been calculating out
for one man hour permanent square foot</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35611-2
<v Ricky Horton>and one man hour permanent square foot
for private and private so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35613-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's that's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35660-0
<v Ricky Horton>Today we've kind of been messing with
adjusting labor.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35660-1
<v Ricky Horton>So we adjusted a couple of the well
deposition rates in there because they</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35660-2
<v Ricky Horton>were some of the out-of-the-box rates.
So we increased some because the rates</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35660-3
<v Ricky Horton>were really slow in there.
So we dialed up the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35695-0
<v Ricky Horton>The feet feet per minute or feet per hour
in here for quarter range, 516 and 3/8,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35695-1
<v Ricky Horton>our most basic movements and then also
learning and increase our fit time a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35695-2
<v Ricky Horton>little bit.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35741-0
<v Ricky Horton>So our well time went down a little bit
time increased a little which is usually</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35741-1
<v Ricky Horton>what we notice maybe most of our
adjustments on our projects is that it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35741-2
<v Ricky Horton>needs a little bit more involvement is
usually a little over so so and we're</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35741-3
<v Ricky Horton>working to continue to fine tune that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35776-0
<v Ricky Horton>Looking at historical projects,
we haven't gotten to a point where we've</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35776-1
<v Ricky Horton>been able to identify specifically where
our issues are coming into play.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35776-2
<v Ricky Horton>So it's been kind of like new adjustments
at this point, but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35810-0
<v Ricky Horton>Plan to continue to look at existing
projects and we see breakouts and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35810-1
<v Ricky Horton>estimates and compare actuals versus
estimated versus supplied meaning we kind</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35810-2
<v Ricky Horton>of get our numbers to all jive across the
board.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35818-0
<v Ricky Horton>So so the actual back end right the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35836-0
<v Ricky Horton>One of the issues has always been with
what you're, which is, right,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35836-1
<v Ricky Horton>what you're actually will linear for the
what was done versus what.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35862-0
<v Ricky Horton>What you've got to estimate, right?
And so it's hard to, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35862-1
<v Ricky Horton>if you wait the hours done to what you
estimated was actually done, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35862-2
<v Ricky Horton>And so you have to kind of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35864-0
<v Ricky Horton>But the way.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35886-0
<v Ricky Horton>Unless we dig into everything and spend a
lot of time processing the PXT or</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35886-1
<v Ricky Horton>whatever the import is on it,
we're not gonna come up with an actual</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35886-2
<v Ricky Horton>true.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35889-0
<v Ricky Horton>What was detailed of what was done,
correct?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35939-0
<v Ricky Horton>We talked about like if I have 500 hours
on the estimate,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35939-1
<v Ricky Horton>but with the work that flight sort of
record should be 600 hours.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35939-2
<v Ricky Horton>I'm saying 78 feet of Weld that was
estimated based on all the clips and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35939-3
<v Ricky Horton>everything,
but in reality we did 87 feet of welding.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35986-0
<v Ricky Horton>Because it was detailed different. Yeah,
it's any one of the estimated versus</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35986-1
<v Ricky Horton>actions, right. Like, so it's,
it's I mean it's estimated versus you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35986-2
<v Ricky Horton>know what was assumed, right.
And then you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/35986-3
<v Ricky Horton>let's say it took about 10 month clips or
something like that, right. Or yeah, or.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36015-0
<v Ricky Horton>Whatever happen in detail,
we didn't need as many connection links</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36015-1
<v Ricky Horton>or something like that, right? So change.
So that's kinda so especially, well,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36015-2
<v Ricky Horton>I mean,
I think going cuts very easy because</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36015-3
<v Ricky Horton>those are pretty close to always being.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36020-0
<v Ricky Horton>Actually, but uh,
the wells have always been kind of uh.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36067-0
<v Ricky Horton>You don't want to divide it back into
what was estimated.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36067-1
<v Ricky Horton>So one way you can account for somebody
in here, it's not an exact science,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36067-2
<v Ricky Horton>but when you link the production control
down back to that estimate.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36111-0
<v Ricky Horton>It can bring those hours over and apply
it to the material that's in production</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36111-1
<v Ricky Horton>control.
Now what it does is it does it on a hours</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36111-2
<v Ricky Horton>per ton basis.
So if if it's like OK they you know my</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36111-3
<v Ricky Horton>base plate sizes have decreased my NA.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36157-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, like you said,
a bunch of folks are going, well,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36157-1
<v Ricky Horton>then you get less hours in there because
that happened, but it's doing it off.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36157-2
<v Ricky Horton>It's not looking at every nature well
because it doesn't know that on the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36157-3
<v Ricky Horton>production control side.
It does on this credit side, right? But.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36208-0
<v Ricky Horton>That that helps a lot of shots from the
standpoint of what the shots stream</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36208-1
<v Ricky Horton>because they're like,
I'm always over on hours because you're</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36208-2
<v Ricky Horton>judging me based off of the estimated
hours and things changed and there's a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36208-3
<v Ricky Horton>lot more work,
plus all these change orders going in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36208-4
<v Ricky Horton>there. You're not crediting me for that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36272-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well, once that,
once it gets production control,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36272-1
<v Ricky Horton>it calculates hours.
So it can't account for some of that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36272-2
<v Ricky Horton>It's not an exact science at that stage.
So once it gets brought into production</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36272-3
<v Ricky Horton>control,
we're essentially reestablishing our</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36272-4
<v Ricky Horton>labor budgets based off of the the
revenue series, right? Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36272-5
<v Ricky Horton>that's actually what the base hours are.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36302-0
<v Ricky Horton>In that projects here is those hours
going to look for deduction trials and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36302-1
<v Ricky Horton>what that does is there's estimated hours
in the schedule as well and it compares</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36302-2
<v Ricky Horton>the estimated to the base hours.
Let's say we had 500 hours for one.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36350-0
<v Ricky Horton>For one sequence in the estimated hours
and but base hours was 575 and we used</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36350-1
<v Ricky Horton>the 575 instead of the 500 because it
said yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36350-2
<v Ricky Horton>you said 500 hours on the estimate,
but he really got 575 hours of work.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36350-3
<v Ricky Horton>That's what we're using, right?
That's what this base.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36380-0
<v Ricky Horton>So we're using adjusted adjustments
incorrectly. It will not do it that way.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36380-1
<v Ricky Horton>The way I described if you're using the
estimated hours in the adjustment column,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36380-2
<v Ricky Horton>OK,
but right now they're using adjustment as</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36380-3
<v Ricky Horton>estimated.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36418-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's that's what I was here.
Is that correct?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36418-1
<v Ricky Horton>The adjustment is essentially we plug the
adjustment in based on whatever the base</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36418-2
<v Ricky Horton>hours are showing to get it to match what
we have released to us.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36418-3
<v Ricky Horton>So analyze it 50 and our base hours show
that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36450-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's 39 and we'll plug the difference in
there so that our who is the source,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36450-1
<v Ricky Horton>who's the source of base hours,
base hours is based upon production. OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36450-2
<v Ricky Horton>so estimated hours need to be shown so so
your.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36489-0
<v Ricky Horton>You're constantly changing the adjustment
yet to keep it at the hours you want,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36489-1
<v Ricky Horton>right? Yeah.
So if you would put the estimated</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36489-2
<v Ricky Horton>estimate,
you won't have to do that because it's so</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36489-3
<v Ricky Horton>like on let's see the one line that has
base size of 1614 and adjustment.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36521-0
<v Ricky Horton>So you got a total plan hours of 30.
See that one right there? Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36521-1
<v Ricky Horton>So that one,
if you had 30 hours and estimated with 16</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36521-2
<v Ricky Horton>in base,
it assumes the other 14 are coming and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36521-3
<v Ricky Horton>and your and your planned hours are going
to be 30.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36565-0
<v Ricky Horton>Save hours is coming out of the actual
time work and how much they've done so</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36565-1
<v Ricky Horton>far.
It's basically takes the hours the pieces</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36565-2
<v Ricky Horton>that are in production control to get to
get those hours and complete them. OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36565-3
<v Ricky Horton>yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36618-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, yeah.
We're not manipulating data because we</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36618-1
<v Ricky Horton>want to.
We're manipulating it because we have to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36618-2
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah. Well,
it's something that doesn't really we're</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36618-3
<v Ricky Horton>not. We're not. Yeah.
We're not manipulating the data because</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36618-4
<v Ricky Horton>we want to.
We're manipulating the data because we</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36618-5
<v Ricky Horton>have to because like that's not pulling
anything over from an original estimate.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36618-6
<v Ricky Horton>But what I'm saying is you're you're
doing it because.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36654-0
<v Ricky Horton>You want that line to be 30 hours, right?
Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36654-1
<v Ricky Horton>So if you put the 30 hours in the
original estimated,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36654-2
<v Ricky Horton>can you can you add that's right?
Because that's got to say you can't add</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36654-3
<v Ricky Horton>the hours today.
If you can add the hours in the original</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36654-4
<v Ricky Horton>estimated, yeah,
put in 30 right there and then get rid of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36654-5
<v Ricky Horton>your adjustment.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36714-0
<v Ricky Horton>So, so to summarize,
so the original estimate would be so from</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36714-1
<v Ricky Horton>the PC form, right. So we'd say, hey guys,
this is what we budgeted, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36714-2
<v Ricky Horton>so that that's just so adjustment doesn't
even need to be there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36714-3
<v Ricky Horton>We'll just throw in the original
estimated out there or the original, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36714-4
<v Ricky Horton>into the estimated hour column.
It doesn't and then it'll take whatever</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36714-5
<v Ricky Horton>the base hours are.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36755-0
<v Ricky Horton>And figure out where to find where it
should be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36755-1
<v Ricky Horton>Now what you'll need to watch for though
is let's say that that was 100% that that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36755-2
<v Ricky Horton>particular lot was 100% released and you
have this situation where original are 30,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36755-3
<v Ricky Horton>but the base is saying you really only
have 69.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36793-0
<v Ricky Horton>Hey, that's all that's coming, right?
Well,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36793-1
<v Ricky Horton>it's still a plan 30 year because it's it
thinks more is coming.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36793-2
<v Ricky Horton>So if you change the 100% release to 100%
then it would use the base hours of 16.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36793-3
<v Ricky Horton>You follow what I'm saying?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36836-0
<v Ricky Horton>And that's what we want to do. We want to,
we want to be managing to the actual to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36836-1
<v Ricky Horton>what the work that we're saying can
happen and and using essentially the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36836-2
<v Ricky Horton>knowledge of the original being at 30 to
know that you got 14 hours of contingency.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36836-3
<v Ricky Horton>So I saw it show that it's 100% released
if we put 11 there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36846-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
put it in below the area and get rid of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36846-1
<v Ricky Horton>your adjustment.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36850-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's basically what we want to base
hours.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36893-0
<v Ricky Horton>CS use them. Well,
it still thinks more is coming,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36893-1
<v Ricky Horton>but if you change your percent release to
100, reasonable percent,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36893-2
<v Ricky Horton>it calculates the percent release based
off of the hours.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36893-3
<v Ricky Horton>So it changed with that because 54.
55% of the hours are actually released.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36904-0
<v Ricky Horton>But if you change the percent release to
100,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36904-1
<v Ricky Horton>it would put your planned hours at six.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36927-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well,
it seems like it's adjusting it for</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36927-1
<v Ricky Horton>whatever we put in your original.
It is right,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36927-2
<v Ricky Horton>but if you change it to 100 then it'll
adjust.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36932-0
<v Ricky Horton>Who's the source of the original estimate?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36941-0
<v Ricky Horton>We got a guy with a dartboard in Dilbert,
right? That's the that's the data, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36978-0
<v Ricky Horton>So yeah, so yeah, so I would,
I mean and I guess it's probably a hard</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36978-1
<v Ricky Horton>decision, but to leverage this correctly,
I would say you would want to to take</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/36978-2
<v Ricky Horton>whatever your base hours came out to be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37018-0
<v Ricky Horton>You would duplicate that into your
original estimate number so that you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37018-1
<v Ricky Horton>could manage your percent released based
off of your base hours that your updated</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37018-2
<v Ricky Horton>Rev zeros or can we check our percent
utilized because like look at this so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37073-0
<v Ricky Horton>We're showing 16 hours and now I'm
showing that I went over,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37073-1
<v Ricky Horton>but in reality on this line I don't think
I should do that,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37073-2
<v Ricky Horton>but that's what I'm saying.
So the base hours original estimate now</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37073-3
<v Ricky Horton>should match and then Mark should just
know that his actual release.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37073-4
<v Ricky Horton>So when he does,
when when we have our actual production</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37073-5
<v Ricky Horton>meetings and he brings us out,
he's gonna have.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37119-0
<v Ricky Horton>A separate column of what was actually
estimated on this side that's showing</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37119-1
<v Ricky Horton>that category.
You're saying base hours need to line up?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37119-2
<v Ricky Horton>Yes, I think so.
So do we need to adjust all of it across</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37119-3
<v Ricky Horton>the? I don't see you,
but base hours changes, doesn't it?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37119-4
<v Ricky Horton>Base hours will change based off based
off of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37175-0
<v Ricky Horton>Imported more pieces, yes.
So if we bring in more pieces,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37175-1
<v Ricky Horton>then it's going to change that base.
But then the estimate is there. I mean,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37175-2
<v Ricky Horton>but if we leave,
if we if we bring in more pieces but we</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37175-3
<v Ricky Horton>sequence a lot into a separate sequence,
well, it's just that same sequence.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37214-0
<v Ricky Horton>So we bring in more pieces, right? Yeah.
We do another thing for for this or no</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37214-1
<v Ricky Horton>for a separate sequence. Yeah.
Will it affect this sequence? No. OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37214-2
<v Ricky Horton>so if we change it across the board, yeah.
So as long as base hours match the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37214-3
<v Ricky Horton>original estimate, then you're.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37258-0
<v Ricky Horton>Percent release here,
percent completes are all flow through</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37258-1
<v Ricky Horton>well.
So as long as as long as the PDS that are</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37258-2
<v Ricky Horton>releasing this stuff are giving you guys
the hours for that sequence and lot then</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37258-3
<v Ricky Horton>and you guys know that then that this
works but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37307-0
<v Ricky Horton>In a situation where it's like a,
you know, hey,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37307-1
<v Ricky Horton>this is one out of three canopies,
here's your guys' overall budget,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37307-2
<v Ricky Horton>then we'll just have to,
we'll just have to make sure that we hold</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37307-3
<v Ricky Horton>them accountable and then and then Mark
just needs to know that he's managing</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37307-4
<v Ricky Horton>those, those buckets are clear.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37343-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well, what what Mark reestimates.
So let's say Mark gets something from</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37343-1
<v Ricky Horton>Gilbert. He's like, well, yeah,
it's not this, he says. It's really this.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37343-2
<v Ricky Horton>Where does that? Where does that go?
It's technically what?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37383-0
<v Ricky Horton>Your base hours and Jesus, right,
'cause that's where it's being</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37383-1
<v Ricky Horton>reestimated and that's your base hours.
So the idea of that by doing it this way</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37383-2
<v Ricky Horton>through when we start a job or even touch
the shot, we can have a discussion of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37427-0
<v Ricky Horton>We're planning to pay for a budget and we
can at least go into it saying OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37427-1
<v Ricky Horton>what changed?
Can we get a change or ingest something</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37427-2
<v Ricky Horton>or is it just something that we just know
that we just need to treat this as it has</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37427-3
<v Ricky Horton>to be just production based so like
everything has to be perfect and only get</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37427-4
<v Ricky Horton>the guys who want the work doesn't really
get done.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37461-0
<v Ricky Horton>Four hours and that's it. So you're in.
I also think that as long as I'm</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37461-1
<v Ricky Horton>searching where I think it's on the
subjective stuff, right? I'm not.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37461-2
<v Ricky Horton>That's not coming in with based on.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37478-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm hearing two conversations here.
I'm having the hard time keeping track.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37514-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think it's really important that we
agree on what this is because we're</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37514-1
<v Ricky Horton>having two separate.
He and I are having a discussion and you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37514-2
<v Ricky Horton>guys are having a discussion,
but I think it's what is the real answer</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37514-3
<v Ricky Horton>of how to do this because.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37556-0
<v Ricky Horton>Alan is right that that 175 being
calculated between 2 numbers and you're</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37556-1
<v Ricky Horton>trying to avoid that from happening.
But you know what's your what's your goal?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37556-2
<v Ricky Horton>So now so now what we really need to do
though right knowing this is it's just</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37556-3
<v Ricky Horton>change the 16 to 30.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37562-0
<v Ricky Horton>In the plan in our base.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37616-0
<v Ricky Horton>Right. Well,
it's great if the estimator actually</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37616-1
<v Ricky Horton>estimated 30,
but we've seen some jobs where the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37616-2
<v Ricky Horton>estimator estimated 14,
but it it it will change based upon</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37616-3
<v Ricky Horton>whatever we're given, right?
If we're only given 14 hours,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37616-4
<v Ricky Horton>that's where we're we're adding these
original estimated hours, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37666-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well,
that's what looked like has been</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37666-1
<v Ricky Horton>happening, right? Mark says,
I don't think so and he's making a so and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37666-2
<v Ricky Horton>it seems like it's a slippery.
So on one side,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37666-3
<v Ricky Horton>if base hours are coming in less than
original, right, that's great, right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37666-4
<v Ricky Horton>But you want Mark to plan his production
accordingly.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37703-0
<v Ricky Horton>And we're talking bigger intelligence,
right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37703-1
<v Ricky Horton>But you don't want Mark to to still on
budget his hours based off of, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37703-2
<v Ricky Horton>having 10 guys busy versus the base hours
saying you're only going to keep three</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37703-3
<v Ricky Horton>guys busy, right?
I think we need to show the data you've</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37703-4
<v Ricky Horton>collected.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37753-0
<v Ricky Horton>For the few jobs and show estimated base,
show what's really happening and then</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37753-1
<v Ricky Horton>everybody kind of looks at what's really
going on and then have that discussion.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37753-2
<v Ricky Horton>And it's yeah,
we've been like even pulling data,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37753-3
<v Ricky Horton>we've been pulling data just to kind of
look at it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37753-4
<v Ricky Horton>So and but I guess the base hours are.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37795-0
<v Ricky Horton>We're talking aren't pulling in true well
hours, right. So it's just a well,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37795-1
<v Ricky Horton>it's it depends on how you do it.
So theoretically original estimate,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37795-2
<v Ricky Horton>original estimate,
that's what we have on the estimate,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37795-3
<v Ricky Horton>right.
Base hours is saying this is what you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37795-4
<v Ricky Horton>actually are going to be working for.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37827-0
<v Ricky Horton>For what's for what's out there.
So if base hours is accurate,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37827-1
<v Ricky Horton>I want that utilization to show you that
way over because if I literally did have</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37827-2
<v Ricky Horton>16 hours of work in that at least instead
of 30.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37860-0
<v Ricky Horton>Then I want it to be 16 and that's what
I'll be judged on. It's the 16,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37860-1
<v Ricky Horton>not the 30.
Now it's good information that it's like,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37860-2
<v Ricky Horton>OK, cool, good.
Even though I might be a 28, I'm.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37890-0
<v Ricky Horton>Under this late hours. That's awesome.
That's great work under.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37890-1
<v Ricky Horton>But did I actually be mad because it was
really 16 hours of work that took 28</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37890-2
<v Ricky Horton>hours, right?
So if the base hours are correct,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37890-3
<v Ricky Horton>then I want it to show that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37941-0
<v Ricky Horton>You know what I'm saying, right?
So then it's a constant tweak to get the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37941-1
<v Ricky Horton>base hours as close to what our hours
that we're actually producing it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37941-2
<v Ricky Horton>correctly. Yeah,
it might be not there because let's say</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37941-3
<v Ricky Horton>on the estimate there were there were
three columns in there and now I've only</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37941-4
<v Ricky Horton>got one column.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37994-0
<v Ricky Horton>I don't want the base hours to be 30
hours. No, no, no, no, no, no.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37994-1
<v Ricky Horton>What I'm saying is,
is what I want is the base hours to be</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37994-2
<v Ricky Horton>what what we're actually going to produce
it at. Yeah, yeah. So if it says 16 hours,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37994-3
<v Ricky Horton>we should be producing it at 16 hours,
right? Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37994-4
<v Ricky Horton>That's what we're we're shooting for.
It's regardless of the estimate.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/37994-5
<v Ricky Horton>If they gave us 30 hours, that's cool.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38037-0
<v Ricky Horton>But we should only need 16. Yeah.
And that's what you should manage for is</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38037-1
<v Ricky Horton>what at the end of the day, I think the,
but then the biggest thing is making sure</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38037-2
<v Ricky Horton>that we're getting good data back, right.
But then the way we've been utilizing</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38037-3
<v Ricky Horton>this is, is wrong, right.
If it's what it's going to look at now.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38080-0
<v Ricky Horton>Is the hours that were planned, right?
So the base hours of the plan are you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38080-1
<v Ricky Horton>guys give the shot before they're done,
is that correct? Well,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38080-2
<v Ricky Horton>originally it was the adjustment,
which is to adjust the hours to fit and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38080-3
<v Ricky Horton>then that would bring the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38110-0
<v Ricky Horton>Or so, right. So if it was 16 hours,
we have 30,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38110-1
<v Ricky Horton>we would add to that 16 to get the 30 in
the planned hours. But base hours,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38110-2
<v Ricky Horton>assuming 100% release, uh,
base hours should match plans.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38154-0
<v Ricky Horton>If if all material is for apples to
apples, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38154-1
<v Ricky Horton>So if he changes base hours right now
since it says at 100 like change which it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38154-2
<v Ricky Horton>already shows 66 right?
But if final I guess that does if you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38154-3
<v Ricky Horton>change it to 31, see if it changes,
but it should change it to plan.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38156-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38197-0
<v Ricky Horton>Now here's here's the game there. What?
If you do nothing but just connect the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38197-1
<v Ricky Horton>two,
let's say that hours per ton of the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38197-2
<v Ricky Horton>estimate was 9 hours of time, right?
I got 9 hours of time.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38197-3
<v Ricky Horton>That's what it's going to apply over
there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38240-0
<v Ricky Horton>But let's say that this release had some
stuff that was 25 hours a ton in in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38240-1
<v Ricky Horton>reality, because it's higher.
Let's let's say it's rails.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38240-2
<v Ricky Horton>They're gonna be higher hours per ton,
right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38240-3
<v Ricky Horton>And some of the stuff in the release was
4 hours a ton.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38279-0
<v Ricky Horton>Because they're just filler beads and
there's given holes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38279-1
<v Ricky Horton>So that base hours may be wacked out
because I'm applying none when I should</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38279-2
<v Ricky Horton>be applying 25 hours a ton for that
particular type of work that's in that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38279-3
<v Ricky Horton>sequence.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38326-0
<v Ricky Horton>So there is a way to do it by this way.
It's going to create more work there</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38326-1
<v Ricky Horton>because the estimate's going to have to
use predict what's called production</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38326-2
<v Ricky Horton>codes,
which says I'll just call this a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38326-3
<v Ricky Horton>production code of rails and I'll call
this a production code of filler beam.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38370-0
<v Ricky Horton>And so now pieces in the estimate are
going to have to be designated as part of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38370-1
<v Ricky Horton>rails or Philippines,
and the pieces in production control are</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38370-2
<v Ricky Horton>going to be designated as rails or
Philippines in order to apply these</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38370-3
<v Ricky Horton>separately instead of just the overall
average of none.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38408-0
<v Ricky Horton>So the same companies doing it that way.
A lot of companies go this route because</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38408-1
<v Ricky Horton>of this logic here.
What most of them end up coming back here</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38408-2
<v Ricky Horton>because this is that's a constant fight
back to do that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38421-0
<v Ricky Horton>But your releases are very similar to
right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38421-1
<v Ricky Horton>Your releases are columns or you mix work
like that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38458-0
<v Ricky Horton>Rails and beams. No,
the stairs will be with rails, but that's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38458-1
<v Ricky Horton>I mean, you know,
columns will be with beams, but it's not.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38458-2
<v Ricky Horton>But you're still talking about an overall
one project, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38458-3
<v Ricky Horton>You're not talking about several releases.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38508-0
<v Ricky Horton>But it doesn't,
but it it is talking about specific</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38508-1
<v Ricky Horton>releases.
So if for now it's over the way we're</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38508-2
<v Ricky Horton>doing it now, but if we detail,
if we just make sure we detail everything</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38508-3
<v Ricky Horton>out based off of a full rail package,
yeah, being packaged, we don't mix,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38508-4
<v Ricky Horton>we don't need to it changing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38552-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
but if we're if we're doing rails with</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38552-1
<v Ricky Horton>beams, then we need to understand.
So technically we would need to detail</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38552-2
<v Ricky Horton>them separately.
You guys can just assign them to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38552-3
<v Ricky Horton>different sequence of plots from the
import and then you can bypass having to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38552-4
<v Ricky Horton>keep them separated.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38607-0
<v Ricky Horton>So you guys are just organizing the way
that you actually would produce them in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38607-1
<v Ricky Horton>the shop, right? So you say, OK,
like I want to mark when you go to to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38607-2
<v Ricky Horton>actually manpower load the the project
and say, OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38607-3
<v Ricky Horton>we need to call them all out first, right?
So you break that columns into sequence</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38607-4
<v Ricky Horton>mod and then he's gonna get his own
unique.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38643-0
<v Ricky Horton>Hours per time for that set of calls,
right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38643-1
<v Ricky Horton>And then you can plan it working from
there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38643-2
<v Ricky Horton>But where that's going to be hard to
manage into the overall budget,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38643-3
<v Ricky Horton>the shovel was up last week.
They weren't going to try to fight that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38643-4
<v Ricky Horton>panel too discreetly.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38672-0
<v Ricky Horton>Or two, what they ended up,
what they will start at with is</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38672-1
<v Ricky Horton>structural versus miscellaneous. Yeah,
two different ones, which would be,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38672-2
<v Ricky Horton>I mean.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38678-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's not very well.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38682-0
<v Ricky Horton>One package, typically add X.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38739-0
<v Ricky Horton>They've already been separated.
I mean it's not it's events.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38739-1
<v Ricky Horton>It's in for 0758 we have.
I mean there's definitely there's there's</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38739-2
<v Ricky Horton>annual braces and then there were study
palms, but it was.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38739-3
<v Ricky Horton>So if we really go from stairs,
but if we real if we give it as a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38739-4
<v Ricky Horton>sequence of and then block that out
though as far as like.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38775-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK, cool. The the WTS are their own line,
but it's still within the same sequence.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38775-1
<v Ricky Horton>It depends. Yeah,
all the correct hour paper time,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38775-2
<v Ricky Horton>but the way that we if you don't use
production page is the way it's the same,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38775-3
<v Ricky Horton>but it would do it per sequence and block.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38796-0
<v Ricky Horton>Mm-hmm.
But based off of the way that we estimate</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38796-1
<v Ricky Horton>LG,
we estimated it based off of it being a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38796-2
<v Ricky Horton>structural job, right? So like, we're not.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38838-0
<v Ricky Horton>So that's at least. Yeah, we're, I mean,
they're rolled out to gut check your</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38838-1
<v Ricky Horton>management on the overall project,
but the way prompts really, I mean,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38838-2
<v Ricky Horton>he's taking it off as each one of the
pieces,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38838-3
<v Ricky Horton>but you're not gonna manage everything
separately.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38838-4
<v Ricky Horton>It's you're different hours like that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38877-0
<v Ricky Horton>I would say this would be more like lucid
to where it's overall this.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38877-1
<v Ricky Horton>This would be best on miss smells.
I think it's the better you keep</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38877-2
<v Ricky Horton>structural miss smells like you were
saying separate and then we could</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38877-3
<v Ricky Horton>separate out miss smells based on.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38912-0
<v Ricky Horton>Rails,
stairs and strainers and we might have</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38912-1
<v Ricky Horton>seen it on this one by two because not
necessarily there may not be less</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38912-2
<v Ricky Horton>material,
but it or for that disparity like I was</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38912-3
<v Ricky Horton>talking about, but it could be that the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38966-0
<v Ricky Horton>Estimate just getting that right stuff in,
right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38966-1
<v Ricky Horton>Maybe it wasn't leaving out properly or
something like that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38966-2
<v Ricky Horton>So most stops that get into the overall
hours,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38966-3
<v Ricky Horton>but then in most cases for structural in
general, they're pretty close.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/38966-4
<v Ricky Horton>Now you know it's fine, you know, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39002-0
<v Ricky Horton>Based on hours instead of adjusted.
That's what we need to be putting this</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39002-1
<v Ricky Horton>right more than putting them under
adjusted out of adjusted, right. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39002-2
<v Ricky Horton>we spoke up.
So I didn't have this column activated.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39002-3
<v Ricky Horton>So originally it was, yeah,
based on hours adjustment.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39010-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then it should be original and base
hours.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39051-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
what would the adjusted be used for in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39051-1
<v Ricky Horton>the long run then if it was just used
original and base.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39051-2
<v Ricky Horton>So we use base hours and adjustment and
then worked out the final hours.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39051-3
<v Ricky Horton>So our PC form would have these total
quantities of hours and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39086-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then this is our utilization with the
utilization is coming so close and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39086-1
<v Ricky Horton>adjustments up to regular hours and you
you that will give a new flavor to the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39086-2
<v Ricky Horton>utilization per se for sure,
but it will also.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39128-0
<v Ricky Horton>Help you on the opposite scenario where
the hours act,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39128-1
<v Ricky Horton>the base hours actually come out more
than the original estimated. Well,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39128-2
<v Ricky Horton>that's going to make you look better
because it's like, OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39128-3
<v Ricky Horton>well we should that utilization should be
based off of a higher number,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39128-4
<v Ricky Horton>not the estimated number, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39144-0
<v Ricky Horton>It just makes it look bad when that when
that number splits.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39144-1
<v Ricky Horton>Were you guys getting beat up because
those numbers were going on?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39185-0
<v Ricky Horton>That'd probably be more question for Mark
for specifically for LG or in general.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39185-1
<v Ricky Horton>So I wouldn't say beat up,
it's just the it's the common fight of of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39185-2
<v Ricky Horton>estimate versus.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39239-0
<v Ricky Horton>Production, right.
Estimators always trying to do things one</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39239-1
<v Ricky Horton>way and production always sharing them.
So it's the it's making sure that we're</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39239-2
<v Ricky Horton>on the same page to me on when the
project's kicked off so that we know do</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39239-3
<v Ricky Horton>we need to really pay attention to this
and come up with a way to make this into</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39239-4
<v Ricky Horton>a a.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39280-0
<v Ricky Horton>We can or did we miss something?
At least establish what?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39280-1
<v Ricky Horton>Is your main is angle main goal is a goal
to make sure the Gilbert guys are getting</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39280-2
<v Ricky Horton>the Gilbert estimators are hitting the
numbers really well?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39280-3
<v Ricky Horton>Or is it your goal that Mark fixes it?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39339-0
<v Ricky Horton>And Mark's numbers are really good.
I think the the the main goal here to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39339-1
<v Ricky Horton>make a lot is OK, well, I get that.
The main goal is to if everyone's using</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39339-2
<v Ricky Horton>the estimate in techo, right.
So all the hours are based off of the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39339-3
<v Ricky Horton>unit rates and and the the math that's
designed.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39392-0
<v Ricky Horton>Into this, right.
So I think the main goal is to get that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39392-1
<v Ricky Horton>as accurate as possible to where we are
established,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39392-2
<v Ricky Horton>is it a bad take off or is it or is it a
unit rate of something that we need to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39392-3
<v Ricky Horton>fix, right.
And I think that's where the argument</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39392-4
<v Ricky Horton>needs to come in is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39436-0
<v Ricky Horton>Is is it it's a take off thing then
that's I mean that's a simple thing to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39436-1
<v Ricky Horton>say OK you it's clearly there's four
columns and you know you only have two</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39436-2
<v Ricky Horton>right.
But if we're trending constantly like I</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39436-3
<v Ricky Horton>saw is producing at half the rate that
we're actually estimating to that's a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39436-4
<v Ricky Horton>global thing that makes you address with.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39479-0
<v Ricky Horton>New equipment maintenance.
When you guys first get a job and you go</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39479-1
<v Ricky Horton>and you know what the original estimate
is before you put it in the show,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39479-2
<v Ricky Horton>somebody looks at it and says no,
this estimate over here is 12 hours.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39479-3
<v Ricky Horton>It's supposed to be 16 and maybe the next
time out of balance.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39493-0
<v Ricky Horton>Supposed to be 16 and we really only
think it's going to be 12 and that's what</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39493-1
<v Ricky Horton>base column should be used for, correct?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39550-0
<v Ricky Horton>No, it it it basically does.
It basically does that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39550-1
<v Ricky Horton>Nobody has to look at it and do it.
It calculates it automatically based on</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39550-2
<v Ricky Horton>the times that we have set up in for
welding and cutting and all that it it it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39550-3
<v Ricky Horton>does,
but it it takes the average from the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39550-4
<v Ricky Horton>estimate. It takes the, it takes the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39603-0
<v Ricky Horton>Total hours have to have to go to the
base for a time, the total.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39603-1
<v Ricky Horton>But another's working out too whether so
you don't have to enter everything into</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39603-2
<v Ricky Horton>the base that's can be documented already.
If you enter something into the guest,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39603-3
<v Ricky Horton>right.
So I would say to even another</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39603-4
<v Ricky Horton>perspective of what we're talking about
is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39666-0
<v Ricky Horton>This is going to get us,
let's just say to a 90% mark, right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39666-1
<v Ricky Horton>And within that estimate you're doing
frame versus the structural and this base</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39666-2
<v Ricky Horton>hours here is going to look at it and
generalize it as if it's the same main</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39666-3
<v Ricky Horton>hours per time as the structural.
But you know it's a more complex frame</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39666-4
<v Ricky Horton>system that's going to need more hours.
So Mark.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39696-0
<v Ricky Horton>From the estimates and say,
I think we need to put a factor on top of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39696-1
<v Ricky Horton>that.
Let's just add another 20 nanometers,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39696-2
<v Ricky Horton>right. And I think that's it.
I think that's where you would add that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39696-3
<v Ricky Horton>back end adjustment because the original
estimate.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39744-0
<v Ricky Horton>Even though we have more hours,
Mark's actually saying that even though</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39744-1
<v Ricky Horton>the base gets re-imported in as the lower
hours,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39744-2
<v Ricky Horton>he's still thinking that we're going to
need the additional hours to be allocated</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39744-3
<v Ricky Horton>to get it back up to there.
That's what we do,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39744-4
<v Ricky Horton>which I think that's the point.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39818-0
<v Ricky Horton>Let the program go from the original the
base hours and then if we think there's a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39818-1
<v Ricky Horton>necessity to put in the adjustment,
that's what Mark would put in the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39818-2
<v Ricky Horton>adjustment just like unit rates in a man
hour book, right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39818-3
<v Ricky Horton>It's it's saying that you know you're at
an 80% efficiency, but you add in and say,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39818-4
<v Ricky Horton>OK,
I know the pipes 30 feet in air we're</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39818-5
<v Ricky Horton>going to need.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39872-0
<v Ricky Horton>This, this and this,
you're gonna bring the guys back down.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39872-1
<v Ricky Horton>And I think that's kind of what we're
talking about.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39872-2
<v Ricky Horton>The adjustment is to adjust our main
hours for time based off the complexity</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39872-3
<v Ricky Horton>of the system that yeah,
technically it's in. Well,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39872-4
<v Ricky Horton>let's see what we have to do, right.
People use that adjustment for kind of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39872-5
<v Ricky Horton>similar to what you're talking about or.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39914-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's we had 75 hours of rework,
so I'll put that on there or there's a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39914-1
<v Ricky Horton>change order and there's more hours.
Usually the adjustment is the exception</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39914-2
<v Ricky Horton>and it's if there's anything adjustment,
there's always a question of why do I</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39914-3
<v Ricky Horton>have this year, but in my mind,
if there's a change order.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39962-0
<v Ricky Horton>The original estimate is going to be
updated as well because you've estimated</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39962-1
<v Ricky Horton>the change order and your base contract
has increased.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39962-2
<v Ricky Horton>Some people want to keep that original
estimate here and that's why they put it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/39962-3
<v Ricky Horton>in the sample. I get it.
I call it change order one January.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40004-0
<v Ricky Horton>Or two, but they're still linked together.
But I think the factors that we were</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40004-1
<v Ricky Horton>messing with in the global system,
we're trying to make the numbers mostly</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40004-2
<v Ricky Horton>match what production was doing.
The problem that we're seeing is across</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40004-3
<v Ricky Horton>three or four jobs.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40037-0
<v Ricky Horton>It wasn't. What's the right word? Linear,
right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40037-1
<v Ricky Horton>So you'd think that it would be this
factor. Well, that matched this job,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40037-2
<v Ricky Horton>but not that job.
So there's more going on here that meets</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40037-3
<v Ricky Horton>the eye.
We probably need a bigger sample set.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40065-0
<v Ricky Horton>Got to really figure out, you know,
what a 40 hour or 150 hour job is very</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40065-1
<v Ricky Horton>different than a 4000 hour job.
There's some things happening here,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40065-2
<v Ricky Horton>but getting the global factors closer
will only help everybody.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40100-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think honestly at this point you've got
to really take a look at what the actual</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40100-1
<v Ricky Horton>is in order to adjust the rest of what's
in there because we're trying to compare</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40100-2
<v Ricky Horton>it to what we said the budget was,
but I don't know that that's based on</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40100-3
<v Ricky Horton>anything.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40107-0
<v Ricky Horton>Um, dad driven is more gut driven,
which maybe.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40137-0
<v Ricky Horton>I don't want, but I want,
I want to change that and that's where</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40137-1
<v Ricky Horton>the idea was that it's hard to take.
To me,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40137-2
<v Ricky Horton>it's hard to take some of this production
control stuff that we're talking about.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40193-0
<v Ricky Horton>And really globally,
like you're saying sample setting to a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40193-1
<v Ricky Horton>larger chunk,
there's that aspect or just go out and do</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40193-2
<v Ricky Horton>time studies, right?
Actually just basically saying,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40193-3
<v Ricky Horton>but then we have to be cognizant about
the time study sample that we're doing</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40193-4
<v Ricky Horton>based off of the rules that we've created
on how that you know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40202-0
<v Ricky Horton>So the way I the way I perceived it
before is that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40240-0
<v Ricky Horton>We know that for cuts, for example,
it's we should get the same cut time for</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40240-1
<v Ricky Horton>everything from a, you know,
a W8 that's you know 13 lbs up to 40 lbs.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40240-2
<v Ricky Horton>So to do it through time sample,
we make sure we.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40301-0
<v Ricky Horton>Take a cut list,
combine all those like sizes that match a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40301-1
<v Ricky Horton>rule that we have and then apply that
time step to that specific chunk and then</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40301-2
<v Ricky Horton>you validate back to what that portion is.
And then you can compare it to the next</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40301-3
<v Ricky Horton>step up of you know everything from a 40
pounder and up.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40301-4
<v Ricky Horton>Now apply to check that section up.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40347-0
<v Ricky Horton>Of it,
but I don't target because I don't think</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40347-1
<v Ricky Horton>you can get true data that you want to
manipulate your rule set based off of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40347-2
<v Ricky Horton>just even large samples because it's
you're averaging across angles of where</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40347-3
<v Ricky Horton>you know that's wrong things we were told
the other day before because somebody's</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40347-4
<v Ricky Horton>basically fudging the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40387-0
<v Ricky Horton>They say, well,
we got a guy we want to keep in the shop.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40387-1
<v Ricky Horton>We want to lay him off.
We finished this job.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40387-2
<v Ricky Horton>The estimated hours was 100.
We only use 60.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40387-3
<v Ricky Horton>So now we keep this guy out here working
for the other 40 hours and we post it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40387-4
<v Ricky Horton>against that job. So we already know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40431-0
<v Ricky Horton>The history, what you're saying,
all that history is ******** because we</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40431-1
<v Ricky Horton>didn't really back it properly, right.
And that's where that's where I think you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40431-2
<v Ricky Horton>validate our rules based off of true time.
I agree.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40431-3
<v Ricky Horton>And then and then you have the factors
and everyone agrees saying OK like.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40467-0
<v Ricky Horton>We did it. The guy was,
he was 100% off point, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40467-1
<v Ricky Horton>and then we back it into the 80% of of of
he had to always be at his time test here</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40467-2
<v Ricky Horton>when you extrapolate the data across.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40478-0
<v Ricky Horton>Wide flanges because in both directions
or just up.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40526-0
<v Ricky Horton>What do you mean?
So let's say I set a factor for a W8 by</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40526-1
<v Ricky Horton>whatever.
Is it that goes all the way up through to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40526-2
<v Ricky Horton>a W 44? Yeah,
it was a cross-sectional area piece if if</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40526-3
<v Ricky Horton>I'm looking at the cut.
So if I'm looking at the cut,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40526-4
<v Ricky Horton>if it's only the cross-sectional area
that can single size,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40526-5
<v Ricky Horton>then they can go or shrink.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40562-0
<v Ricky Horton>Let's say my numbers work.
Jimmy was saying for this range.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40562-1
<v Ricky Horton>Now when I get to that range, yeah,
my number is different.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40562-2
<v Ricky Horton>Now let's say I decide and AW24.
I put a new factor as it goes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40594-0
<v Ricky Horton>That direction too.
You can tell it which way you want to be</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40594-1
<v Ricky Horton>there. So when when I did it,
I I took one one piece.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40594-2
<v Ricky Horton>Here's the we cut and exactly how long it
took. I put it on there,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40594-3
<v Ricky Horton>pass it everything.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40637-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah. And what I found was that it was,
it was generally OK within a range and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40637-1
<v Ricky Horton>then I had to get a new range felt like
like you were talking about it was like 8</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40637-2
<v Ricky Horton>and 10 inch means I was good.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40684-0
<v Ricky Horton>But and I wanted to get some kind in the
middle there, right? And but 2014,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40684-1
<v Ricky Horton>I had made a new,
a new one that I outlined it to and it's</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40684-2
<v Ricky Horton>probably want to be on your machinery
today or how you sure as long as you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40684-3
<v Ricky Horton>don't have to keep throwing them all in,
but you know that it's range driven, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40684-4
<v Ricky Horton>I mean.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40714-0
<v Ricky Horton>Wait,
you're gonna have to create rules in your</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40714-1
<v Ricky Horton>process that say these are our ranges and
then when your equipment changes,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40714-2
<v Ricky Horton>you have to realize you have to go fix
that I I I really got.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40768-0
<v Ricky Horton>Got multiple different samples from
different sizes and all up and down</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40768-1
<v Ricky Horton>through there and then I would take one,
apply it,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40768-2
<v Ricky Horton>see how far that got me when I hit the
next size that I did that I measured and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40768-3
<v Ricky Horton>it was like how close am I there? OK,
that's really really close enough,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40768-4
<v Ricky Horton>good enough, but then the next one.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40801-0
<v Ricky Horton>So I'll use that one to move up to the
next one. So yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40801-1
<v Ricky Horton>you you you can pick whatever range you
want.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40801-2
<v Ricky Horton>Now that that was cutting and then you
got other stuff that's it extrapolates</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40801-3
<v Ricky Horton>based off of length or about weight.
That could be a totally different story.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40834-0
<v Ricky Horton>But just you can send it whatever range
you want. So got a question.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40834-1
<v Ricky Horton>So we've created these for you said
whatever your channel,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40834-2
<v Ricky Horton>whatever we're cutting on here,
the guys are telling us how long it takes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40866-0
<v Ricky Horton>Got it. Correct. They're signing it off.
If they're doing the start slot on the on</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40866-1
<v Ricky Horton>the cap list then, yeah. So if we were,
but we haven't been doing that, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40866-2
<v Ricky Horton>Right. But if we were,
would it then take that data and apply it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40866-3
<v Ricky Horton>to? Yeah, that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40909-0
<v Ricky Horton>If I understand what you're asking,
if they didn't start,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40909-1
<v Ricky Horton>stop on there and the contracting,
both of those would hit your schedule.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40909-2
<v Ricky Horton>So you might duplicate that one out,
but it's still going to have to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40909-3
<v Ricky Horton>somebody's going to have to actually
interpret and manipulate that data.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40951-0
<v Ricky Horton>And yeah,
to be able to do anything back on a date</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40951-1
<v Ricky Horton>change,
it's not gonna look at the next job and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40951-2
<v Ricky Horton>go Nope, helping us. Yeah, no, no.
But you would want to. You wouldn't want,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40951-3
<v Ricky Horton>you want to capture it. Yeah,
and you would want to trend the haywork</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40951-4
<v Ricky Horton>consistently in this size and
consistently not hitting hours.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40992-0
<v Ricky Horton>Let's figure out why. And then it's yeah,
because maybe one guy's buying 60s and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40992-1
<v Ricky Horton>another guy's buying 20s and he's out in
the low three times as much and it's</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40992-2
<v Ricky Horton>being captured in the bed zone. Yeah,
and make sure your average measure too,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/40992-3
<v Ricky Horton>because.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41021-0
<v Ricky Horton>When you if you say tell me how long it
takes to cut this, well,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41021-1
<v Ricky Horton>are we talking just bladed like running
time or are we talking about, OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41021-2
<v Ricky Horton>I've got to put it in feed up, roll it up,
get it set.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41057-0
<v Ricky Horton>Now cut it and it goes out and that's
good. Make sure you know what you're.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41057-1
<v Ricky Horton>I mean, my brain, yeah,
my brain is here's a cut list.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41057-2
<v Ricky Horton>There's 23 pieces on it. Yeah. Start,
stop.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41057-3
<v Ricky Horton>How many cuts did I get that picks all
that up? Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41104-0
<v Ricky Horton>But it needs to that start stop needs to
correlate to how the moves actually</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41104-1
<v Ricky Horton>written, right?
So it's because technically I believe the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41104-2
<v Ricky Horton>way we assumed it originally was that the
the starting is when he gets there,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41104-3
<v Ricky Horton>pull starts pulling tape right across
does this.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41159-0
<v Ricky Horton>Check gets it bit up,
gets the clamps in and starts because</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41159-1
<v Ricky Horton>rising you know on it and indexing it
over.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41159-2
<v Ricky Horton>That's your start stop on what one cut
would be OK and and one of the things we</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41159-3
<v Ricky Horton>have a long long time ago was we just
have like a basic Excel spreadsheet that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41159-4
<v Ricky Horton>just showed.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41202-0
<v Ricky Horton>What the process was,
what the rule was and then just had a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41202-1
<v Ricky Horton>narrative of kind of where we assumed
that that number kind of was coming from,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41202-2
<v Ricky Horton>right.
And then so the it's two different</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41202-3
<v Ricky Horton>numbers, right.
It's just that he said it's just off time</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41202-4
<v Ricky Horton>versus what the operator is doing to
complete an overall where's the rest of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41202-5
<v Ricky Horton>the classroom.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41240-0
<v Ricky Horton>It would go handling is so OK,
there's a lot of overlap and I think you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41240-1
<v Ricky Horton>guys, right? Correct me wrong,
but there's a lot of overlap of what is</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41240-2
<v Ricky Horton>considered the handling time and where
the time's allocated there and how that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41240-3
<v Ricky Horton>goes to cut time and then how that goes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41275-0
<v Ricky Horton>Clean up or handling to go to the next,
the next station and does every got new.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41275-1
<v Ricky Horton>It started last week.
Does everybody in the shop,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41275-2
<v Ricky Horton>I'm sure there's some turnover there.
Does everybody know those rules and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41275-3
<v Ricky Horton>that's where I think.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41314-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think, I think getting estimators,
understanding exactly what the numbers</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41314-1
<v Ricky Horton>really mean,
getting them on board with how things are</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41314-2
<v Ricky Horton>actually going.
So you can look for the outliers of OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41314-3
<v Ricky Horton>yeah, so we're assuming it's this, this,
but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41357-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm estimating something that's 80 foot
long,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41357-1
<v Ricky Horton>so the guy's gonna have to give him some
extra time because he's gonna have to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41357-2
<v Ricky Horton>walk all the way over there and then walk
all the way back kind of thing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41357-3
<v Ricky Horton>But understanding where those your
parameters live or 100% efficiency and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41357-4
<v Ricky Horton>where you should manipulate something
going into the next.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41389-0
<v Ricky Horton>Sage fitness is another big one on where
we draw the line on fitting a standard</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41389-1
<v Ricky Horton>stiffener in a beam or a base plate
versus A-frame section or above 3 inch</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41389-2
<v Ricky Horton>base plate kind of understanding or
estimating side of where to take.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41428-0
<v Ricky Horton>What we're talking about base hours and
where you actually are a true estimator</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41428-1
<v Ricky Horton>and really adjust your hours to what the
complexity is and maybe you do that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41428-2
<v Ricky Horton>within just the overall efficiency factor
is that the beginning estimate part, but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41449-0
<v Ricky Horton>Do you wanna globally do that across an
entire 1000 ton project or you just do it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41449-1
<v Ricky Horton>on a couple of parts? Who?
Who's the master of that domain of those</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41449-2
<v Ricky Horton>rules?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41470-0
<v Ricky Horton>Gavin, that's your hand.
I it's either the estimators don't really</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41470-1
<v Ricky Horton>listen to you. Well,
and so the hard part is we haven't really</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41470-2
<v Ricky Horton>defined how we want.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41517-0
<v Ricky Horton>Like what what process we want for time
studies,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41517-1
<v Ricky Horton>because I can take time out of what I'm
doing to put time study stuff together</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41517-2
<v Ricky Horton>and we can make the adjustments to this.
We just need to put a plan together on on</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41517-3
<v Ricky Horton>how frequently we want to do that and
then make sure we're all on the same page</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41517-4
<v Ricky Horton>for how I am doing it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41575-0
<v Ricky Horton>And so most of what we have in here,
we haven't done too much crazy</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41575-1
<v Ricky Horton>adjustments since the first time studies
were performed.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41575-2
<v Ricky Horton>We've never adjusted for the first time
studies, but this,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41575-3
<v Ricky Horton>this was set up once and never touched it
after that. So and and we just.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41612-0
<v Ricky Horton>Five new investments to to Weld
deposition rates. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41612-1
<v Ricky Horton>'cause they were super slow. Yeah, so,
but anyway, but yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41612-2
<v Ricky Horton>a lot of that stuff's either fascinating.
It's is that and that's where I think</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41612-3
<v Ricky Horton>goes into the trending aspect of it of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41665-0
<v Ricky Horton>Really,
if we can get a true understanding,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41665-1
<v Ricky Horton>make sure everyone's on the same page
where the start and stop somewhere, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41665-2
<v Ricky Horton>And then then when Mark we have to say,
hey guys,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41665-3
<v Ricky Horton>the the budget's not good because of this
assembly is this or that,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41665-4
<v Ricky Horton>we can at least have a baseline of what
was established on what it was.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41706-0
<v Ricky Horton>Base powers are and why?
Because a lot of times it's between the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41706-1
<v Ricky Horton>estimator and it's uh.
Are you guys sure that it's actually</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41706-2
<v Ricky Horton>gonna take the much time?
It's just one more time, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41706-3
<v Ricky Horton>It's their argument on the back side,
so that's when it doesn't work.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41735-0
<v Ricky Horton>And and put as much time as possible.
Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41735-1
<v Ricky Horton>when you guys are trying to make some of
the kit, but it's always rely on it,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41735-2
<v Ricky Horton>but it's always 100% always solid.
I'll speak to that and one.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41778-0
<v Ricky Horton>But one adjustment today with the
categories is I we used to have a lot of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41778-1
<v Ricky Horton>categories later.
So now if the estimator estimates,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41778-2
<v Ricky Horton>we get it the way our PC funnel right now,
yes, they can.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41809-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK. So with the exception of,
I mean there's a few special exceptions</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41809-1
<v Ricky Horton>and then as me and Ricky were talking,
this is going to muddy some stuff up.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41809-2
<v Ricky Horton>So we're probably going to go here and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41860-0
<v Ricky Horton>Eliminate that other category and so that
we have that because then when we link an</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41860-1
<v Ricky Horton>estimate going forward,
this will tie into each of our categories</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41860-2
<v Ricky Horton>that we have in our our production
schedule and then jive with our PC forms</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41860-3
<v Ricky Horton>and those look like when you link an
estimate from the estimate to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41867-0
<v Ricky Horton>The Uh prediction control is that in the
main towers then?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41921-0
<v Ricky Horton>Does that hold into the original
estimated hours?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41921-1
<v Ricky Horton>It it nothing holds in the original
estimate. You you have to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41921-2
<v Ricky Horton>That's what you would work with. Yeah,
because usually on the estimate you don't</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41921-3
<v Ricky Horton>know what a sequence is or what a lot is.
You don't know great deal.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41921-4
<v Ricky Horton>So it can't interpolate that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41962-0
<v Ricky Horton>So you have to put that in.
The late hours are if you did start stop</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41962-1
<v Ricky Horton>on the station or when you're coming,
that would be the actual hours coming</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/41962-2
<v Ricky Horton>back in from that start stop on that
station, so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42040-0
<v Ricky Horton>That that's what I was going to say
before.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42040-1
<v Ricky Horton>If you were to do time studies with the
star stop on the stations,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42040-2
<v Ricky Horton>which is an awesome way to do it,
you just got to watch on your schedule</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42040-3
<v Ricky Horton>because then you're right on double up
and you guys go to the star stop on</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42040-4
<v Ricky Horton>tongue tracking and then you would be on
the star stop on a station as well.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42040-5
<v Ricky Horton>So if it would double up hours.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42087-0
<v Ricky Horton>To come back to your your your sample
approach of how you do it is you don't</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42087-1
<v Ricky Horton>want to go out there and then time study
just one cut, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42087-2
<v Ricky Horton>But if we can group them based off of the
rule and you say OK, here's your cut list,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42087-3
<v Ricky Horton>you know,
let's say it's two hours with the cutting.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42155-0
<v Ricky Horton>Right. We can now backtrack that into,
well, OK, he actually took two hours,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42155-1
<v Ricky Horton>he was like 30 cuts and we can back that
into an average based off of that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42155-2
<v Ricky Horton>So some's gonna be,
he's gonna hit it the first time,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42155-3
<v Ricky Horton>some he's gonna have to double check
because you know he burned an inch and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42155-4
<v Ricky Horton>forgot about it or whatever is right.
So if.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42197-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's creating a big enough sample,
but that sample has to match the rule or</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42197-1
<v Ricky Horton>else it it just blends.
And so I think we need to really</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42197-2
<v Ricky Horton>establish what those rules are and then
we can spot check and what we've done</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42197-3
<v Ricky Horton>before too is we get into these bigger
packages.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42238-0
<v Ricky Horton>We can then take those rules and we want
to get competitive.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42238-1
<v Ricky Horton>We can go do a couple samples and say, OK,
we know that we're going to be running a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42238-2
<v Ricky Horton>bunch of 40 LB beeps, right?
So let's go take one,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42238-3
<v Ricky Horton>let's just run it through and then OK,
we can actually fine tune that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42280-0
<v Ricky Horton>A little bit and get get competitive or
something.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42280-1
<v Ricky Horton>That's where you could have used that
efficiency back.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42280-2
<v Ricky Horton>I think we're going to get enough
efficiency on this. I'm on three. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42280-3
<v Ricky Horton>like the the mark disappeared with me,
but the vanish is right we.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42333-0
<v Ricky Horton>We should have ran that at higher
efficiency than whatever the standard 75%</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42333-1
<v Ricky Horton>is in there because there are 12
identical skits.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42333-2
<v Ricky Horton>So you should be able to fixture up gear
up of that much volume of them if you</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42333-3
<v Ricky Horton>have a reframe, but we should have.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42385-0
<v Ricky Horton>We should get more efficient as we do
that because they're 12 or something</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42385-1
<v Ricky Horton>that's repetitive, right?
I'll use argument that if you're doing</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42385-2
<v Ricky Horton>1000 different beans that you have to
treat each one of the things you're not</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42385-3
<v Ricky Horton>gearing up because they're all different,
right? There's no cheap set up.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42385-4
<v Ricky Horton>There's things exactly. So in terms of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42423-0
<v Ricky Horton>Quantity efficiency.
You should actually bring your hours down</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42423-1
<v Ricky Horton>based off of what your base is and not
add approach to it in terms of quantities.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42423-2
<v Ricky Horton>But you got to kind of get these base
samples based on the rules to know where</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42423-3
<v Ricky Horton>to actually where the rules live.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42470-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's being right.
Like that's where the that's where all</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42470-1
<v Ricky Horton>the rules are applying.
But there's some there is somebody's head</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42470-2
<v Ricky Horton>or in somebody's paper.
That's why we need to get it out of this.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42470-3
<v Ricky Horton>We need to get out of the system.
So if you just go on, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42470-4
<v Ricky Horton>it's in maintenance, right?
It's where we have them established.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42499-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's been it's been a while.
It's essentially an if then statements,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42499-1
<v Ricky Horton>right?
We've been thinking these numbers</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42499-2
<v Ricky Horton>yesterday and today,
so if there were rules,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42499-3
<v Ricky Horton>they're now different.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42513-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
we've made minute adjustments to to cut</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42513-1
<v Ricky Horton>and it's different. Let's just go to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42535-0
<v Ricky Horton>And what you're saying,
just just click on beans,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42535-1
<v Ricky Horton>don't filter on down like that and then
sort by code.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42603-0
<v Ricky Horton>I don't know if this is what you're
referring to, but up at the top. So this,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42603-1
<v Ricky Horton>I don't know this is what you're talking
about.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42603-2
<v Ricky Horton>There's an unload which is get it off the
truck, lay it down in the yard.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42603-3
<v Ricky Horton>There's a get piece which you get out of
the yard, take it to the machine.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42603-4
<v Ricky Horton>I think you should talk about the if
statement.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42641-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's gonna end up with end if, yeah,
so varies directly by weight, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42641-1
<v Ricky Horton>So where do we really,
where do we really vary by weight on</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42641-2
<v Ricky Horton>those sections, right?
But not actually if then statements,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42641-3
<v Ricky Horton>right? Like if it's if it's this weight,
then.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42650-0
<v Ricky Horton>If it's this way to this way,
then you're gonna so where can you do the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42650-1
<v Ricky Horton>labor factor for?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42684-0
<v Ricky Horton>We must move both of them.
So getting right there very directly on</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42684-1
<v Ricky Horton>cross-section. I know,
but we're in the segment.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42684-2
<v Ricky Horton>We were deeper in it than that.
Like where the time is, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42684-3
<v Ricky Horton>the maintenance, estimating,
labor maintenance and labor standard</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42684-4
<v Ricky Horton>standards.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42712-0
<v Ricky Horton>Specific size that is good, right?
So right here we looked at some some</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42712-1
<v Ricky Horton>other jobs and we made an adjustment to
these minutes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42752-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then ran the job to see if it could
match the job. On job A, it's like, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42752-1
<v Ricky Horton>we're great. On job B, not so much.
On job C, it was a little closer,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42752-2
<v Ricky Horton>but we were messing with it right here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42795-0
<v Ricky Horton>So what my question to you is are there
actually rules currently for these times?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42795-1
<v Ricky Horton>So that that one minute 39 seconds is
based off of the cross-sectional area,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42795-2
<v Ricky Horton>right? But then it's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42836-0
<v Ricky Horton>But then it's the cut.
It's really the unload.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42836-1
<v Ricky Horton>See how that's just a generic 12 minutes?
Can't tell me that that three by five's</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42836-2
<v Ricky Horton>gonna actually take 12 minutes. OK,
but what? What defines 3 by 5?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42836-3
<v Ricky Horton>What defines 12 minutes?
And when I remember it's saying.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42888-0
<v Ricky Horton>Any number from 0 lbs to 30 lbs is 12
minutes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42888-1
<v Ricky Horton>So I think it's 40 feet takes 12 minutes,
right? And yeah, so that's it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42888-2
<v Ricky Horton>So the 40 foot mark,
but it's and that's where the easiest way</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42888-3
<v Ricky Horton>I could ever look at it was in Excel.
So spreadsheet of cuts and you kind of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42888-4
<v Ricky Horton>start grouping all the if then statements
together.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42923-0
<v Ricky Horton>And you start defining the table,
why is it the 14 counter takes or a 40</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42923-1
<v Ricky Horton>footer takes 15 minutes versus a 39
footer takes like where?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42923-2
<v Ricky Horton>Why is that that range right?
And then you start justifying it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42979-0
<v Ricky Horton>From there,
because if you just had a load of three</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42979-1
<v Ricky Horton>by fives that are like,
let's say you have the exact same length</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42979-2
<v Ricky Horton>on three by fives bundle cutting, right?
And you're gonna bundle cut 20 of them</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42979-3
<v Ricky Horton>together. You don't want to put it,
you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/42979-4
<v Ricky Horton>because it would be it would be labeled
exactly and that's where.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43021-0
<v Ricky Horton>Understanding really where these times
are really kind of compiled from a just a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43021-1
<v Ricky Horton>global management standpoint,
estimating standpoint,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43021-2
<v Ricky Horton>everything like that.
That's where you want to be able to,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43021-3
<v Ricky Horton>I think go in the full picture,
go into where we're talking about</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43021-4
<v Ricky Horton>tweaking our hours.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43068-0
<v Ricky Horton>And really going from a base hour
standpoint,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43068-1
<v Ricky Horton>knowing that there's no way where it can
actually take us about hours and adjust</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43068-2
<v Ricky Horton>again from there.
But you have to have the knowledge of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43068-3
<v Ricky Horton>where the hours are coming from to be
able to make that, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43068-4
<v Ricky Horton>and that's I wouldn't go down through
your line by line either and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43113-0
<v Ricky Horton>Say, well, how long to move?
How long to do both the clips like you'll</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43113-1
<v Ricky Horton>drive yourself?
That's because there's all of these</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43113-2
<v Ricky Horton>extraneous factors that are the
exceptions as well, right? So cutting,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43113-3
<v Ricky Horton>sure, good measurement. That's easy.
That's empirical data.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43113-4
<v Ricky Horton>That's just it is what it is, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43159-0
<v Ricky Horton>You got to get that,
but all the handling and layout and stuff,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43159-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'll probably look at it on the Mac for
your job,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43159-2
<v Ricky Horton>the job place is kind of like we did and
tweak all of it up or down,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43159-3
<v Ricky Horton>because otherwise I'll just be down the
road and you're going to drive yourself</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43159-4
<v Ricky Horton>nuts trying to do it one by one.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43214-0
<v Ricky Horton>So in other words,
let's go see about Bolta and we're going</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43214-1
<v Ricky Horton>to change that one line and I think
that's knowing where the groupings go.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43214-2
<v Ricky Horton>I think it's going to help define how you
break those signals and blocks down.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43258-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's a lock down so that you can actually
come up with a good sample size that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43258-1
<v Ricky Horton>doesn't have a lot of other factors into
it to give yourself good and careful data</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43258-2
<v Ricky Horton>on if you're hitting your your average 25,
but if and but just understanding kind of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43293-0
<v Ricky Horton>Where your give and take are in the
little section,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43293-1
<v Ricky Horton>I think it's really where getting good
data back because at the end of the day</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43293-2
<v Ricky Horton>that's I think I mean take estimating out
of it if you have a good set of data in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43293-3
<v Ricky Horton>here that we really trust and really know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43330-0
<v Ricky Horton>Where we can push and where we can give.
Everything else is just a take off food,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43330-1
<v Ricky Horton>right?
It's just you just have your funds to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43330-2
<v Ricky Horton>take off food. You can rely on this data,
but if we don't know where we can and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43330-3
<v Ricky Horton>can't rely on this data, it's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43365-0
<v Ricky Horton>Might just go back to the dark thing.
It's gotta be you gotta get really good</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43365-1
<v Ricky Horton>actual data back and I I don't think
anybody here really kind of trusted the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43365-2
<v Ricky Horton>actual numbers we were looking at so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43402-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's really got to be.
You got to make sure there's hours on the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43402-1
<v Ricky Horton>jet motor and the DDS unit.
And I maybe they weren't the jet.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43402-2
<v Ricky Horton>I don't know. Well,
they're so perfect that I'm just not.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43402-3
<v Ricky Horton>I didn't trust them, but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43437-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, job started really good last. Well,
I think that's the goal.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43437-1
<v Ricky Horton>I think that's what they were trying to
share that they were really good.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43437-2
<v Ricky Horton>But it's, I mean at the end of the day,
I mean let's just take the the management</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43437-3
<v Ricky Horton>profitability side of it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43488-0
<v Ricky Horton>We want good data back to start getting
this accurate to where we can trust it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43488-1
<v Ricky Horton>and we can do it.
There's the sales side of it,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43488-2
<v Ricky Horton>knowing when you can get more money and
when we can be competitive.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43488-3
<v Ricky Horton>And then there's the management side
where I think.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43522-0
<v Ricky Horton>Mark really he wants to go is being able
to accurately know how many meeting hours</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43522-1
<v Ricky Horton>he needs to do something so he can really
say customer,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43522-2
<v Ricky Horton>we're gonna have this to you on Tuesday.
Yeah, and really plan out to know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43570-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm overloaded on a saw for the next six
months, right? I need to get another saw.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43570-1
<v Ricky Horton>I need to get 2 ships going,
another operator instead of just kind of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43570-2
<v Ricky Horton>winging it, right? I mean, to me,
there's a lot of the being in a job shop,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43570-3
<v Ricky Horton>take out the subject stuff that we do,
right, being a job shop.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43608-0
<v Ricky Horton>Supporting the field and getting stuff on
time is is a huge failure because those</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43608-1
<v Ricky Horton>guys, I mean, we're burning cranes,
we're burning fire watches,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43608-2
<v Ricky Horton>like all sorts of hours go into delaying
some of the stuff because of production</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43608-3
<v Ricky Horton>and Mark gets.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43663-0
<v Ricky Horton>The buzzing the lollipop a lot of times
because we're finishing up the design,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43663-1
<v Ricky Horton>design's always behind and the labor and
execution is always getting pushed up.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43663-2
<v Ricky Horton>So he's trying to really fit things in a
narrow window while juggling 12 other</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43663-3
<v Ricky Horton>ones and being able to accurately say.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43684-0
<v Ricky Horton>Like this is really what it's gonna take
us. I can plan this out.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43684-1
<v Ricky Horton>You know you're gonna get it on on the
states. There's a big schedule to push.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43706-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, on the profitability side,
I mean that's even better because that's</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43706-1
<v Ricky Horton>kind of what you can help to,
but 9 * 10 from a global perspective of</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43706-2
<v Ricky Horton>project is hitting the needs for.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43740-0
<v Ricky Horton>I doubt, I mean,
that's like the biggest frustration a lot</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43740-1
<v Ricky Horton>of times in the field is not as well as
my knowledge because there's budgets and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43740-2
<v Ricky Horton>and bigger things when it comes to this,
but hitting dates like that's a huge.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43780-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
I mean and being able to forecast that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43780-1
<v Ricky Horton>stuff out with our production schedule
that we have in here is going to be way</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43780-2
<v Ricky Horton>helpful of this is the amount we have for
this variable work.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43780-3
<v Ricky Horton>We can plan these out accordingly and and
make sure that we're able to hit what we</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43780-4
<v Ricky Horton>got to hit.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43786-0
<v Ricky Horton>Is open. So how do we?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43808-0
<v Ricky Horton>How do we take some of this stuff in and
and and again,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43808-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'm just thinking out loud here on how do
we come up with ways to reduce?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43858-0
<v Ricky Horton>What our should be to know what we can go
and check, right? Like how do we,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43858-1
<v Ricky Horton>where do we really just find some of this
stuff to break it into rails and pillar</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43858-2
<v Ricky Horton>beams or cutlets that are up to all
channel to?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43894-0
<v Ricky Horton>You know,
10 lbs to really start getting some true,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43894-1
<v Ricky Horton>true. Yeah, well,
let me just say this from looking at what?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43894-2
<v Ricky Horton>If I look at the data that we were
looking at on this, what,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43894-3
<v Ricky Horton>five jobs and whatever.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43930-0
<v Ricky Horton>Well,
this is like two days ago we looked at</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43930-1
<v Ricky Horton>those three to five jobs and these are
the jobs that I believe were manipulated.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43930-2
<v Ricky Horton>The house. Somebody manipulated the house.
That's why they came in right now. Well,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43930-3
<v Ricky Horton>what job for them though? I don't know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43972-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then so you split out,
you split out two different trust rules,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43972-1
<v Ricky Horton>right, two different trust rules.
So we did what was released on our shop</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/43972-2
<v Ricky Horton>package and what was in the estimate in
Tekla and then.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44006-0
<v Ricky Horton>What we had for a screenshot after making
our tweaks in there to try and fine tune</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44006-1
<v Ricky Horton>it a little bit. And uh,
we did that for two weeks and then I</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44006-2
<v Ricky Horton>think two or three of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44053-0
<v Ricky Horton>But even before that,
the day before you were here on Monday,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44053-1
<v Ricky Horton>isn't that the day we had Mark sitting
here and he went over three jobs and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44053-2
<v Ricky Horton>those ones came out within an hour. Yeah,
yeah, it was.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44053-3
<v Ricky Horton>That's the ones that I saw and that's
because those have been manipulated.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44087-0
<v Ricky Horton>So what what I what I was comparing this
to was the budget to what Tekla is</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44087-1
<v Ricky Horton>because the the total the actual hours
just were too perfect. I don't.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44087-2
<v Ricky Horton>I don't know that I would trust them but
the budget split out as opposed to Tekla.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44138-0
<v Ricky Horton>Is really what I was comparing it to.
You know, going forward, I would be like,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44138-1
<v Ricky Horton>OK, I won't. I'll tell you what I'll do.
You go even going backwards.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44138-2
<v Ricky Horton>I'd look at everybody's total hours
compared to the hours that were applied</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44138-3
<v Ricky Horton>to the job received.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44179-0
<v Ricky Horton>If that,
if that that actually allows it up.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44179-1
<v Ricky Horton>That's why I was running against payroll.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44179-2
<v Ricky Horton>I just know it gets payroll. It truly,
it truly worked hours. Yeah. Well,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44179-3
<v Ricky Horton>that's what it makes. So the 75 agents,
if you looked at what was what was</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44179-4
<v Ricky Horton>budgeted on that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44190-0
<v Ricky Horton>That project,
every time a customer did a chain order,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44190-1
<v Ricky Horton>we added money regardless of of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44251-0
<v Ricky Horton>He, you know, did he last week, right.
Every time he had a good exercise, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44251-1
<v Ricky Horton>he came on the way to sell them on this
section. That's good. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44251-2
<v Ricky Horton>that's a sales perspective. Yeah,
but that shouldn't matter to to this.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44251-3
<v Ricky Horton>I think that we're the the block on the
budget code session on that specific job.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44251-4
<v Ricky Horton>I know that that one got.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44297-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, that one got sacked,
especially because the way that we</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44297-1
<v Ricky Horton>redesigned a lot of the connections.
But I think.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44297-2
<v Ricky Horton>So there were changes for messing with
the actual. Yeah, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44297-3
<v Ricky Horton>they've been around for a while. Yeah,
but what does Mark estimate off of?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44297-4
<v Ricky Horton>He estimates against the shot.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44299-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, it's great.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44334-0
<v Ricky Horton>Whereas the estimator, well,
Mark's checking it, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44334-1
<v Ricky Horton>Like you're the one that's actually doing
the damage.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44334-2
<v Ricky Horton>I need to do an estimate and then me and
him are reviewing that it's good with the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44334-3
<v Ricky Horton>labor or I didn't estimate enough labor.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44404-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then once we're on the same page,
we then take that back.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44404-1
<v Ricky Horton>And if it's within the budgets that we've
received, then that's good.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44404-2
<v Ricky Horton>We push it through.
If it's outside of the budgets,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44404-3
<v Ricky Horton>then then we raise a flag. Hey,
we think we're going to have a toll</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44404-4
<v Ricky Horton>bridge on this one and that's when we can
get back to the estimated.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44417-0
<v Ricky Horton>And say, hey,
how is this in the estimate was something</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44417-1
<v Ricky Horton>missed or are we are we high on our end
or?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44463-0
<v Ricky Horton>Essentially just pre-planning so that if
if we're going to go over a certain</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44463-1
<v Ricky Horton>dollar amount on the project,
at least letting the team know what over</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44463-2
<v Ricky Horton>anticipated,
then obviously shooting for the original</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44463-3
<v Ricky Horton>goal and pushing the guys to maintain the
original hours estimated.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44480-0
<v Ricky Horton>We can't change ordering and make up what
we're anticipating our own words to be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44480-1
<v Ricky Horton>Are you on the estimator looking with the
same drawing?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44520-0
<v Ricky Horton>So it it depends.
It depends on the project I know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44520-1
<v Ricky Horton>Probably not.
Normally we have to be looking at the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44520-2
<v Ricky Horton>design drawings and these guys are
looking at the shop,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44520-3
<v Ricky Horton>'cause that's where the other difference
is, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44520-4
<v Ricky Horton>This design may have made it easier.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44521-0
<v Ricky Horton>These are all.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44544-0
<v Ricky Horton>Anyway, it's different. Tell about that.
Yeah, well, it is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44544-1
<v Ricky Horton>And that's them fascinating. That's right.
The idea is.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44608-0
<v Ricky Horton>That is,
is the real big exercise is identifying</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44608-1
<v Ricky Horton>up front, right? It's the idea here.
It's identifying up front.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44608-2
<v Ricky Horton>We have an issue to where we can,
you know, it's not at the end of it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44608-3
<v Ricky Horton>We're forecasting. That's the big thing.
We fix it,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44608-4
<v Ricky Horton>do something different to save the job
exactly.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44659-0
<v Ricky Horton>Or or like them,
like what they're saying is it comes in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44659-1
<v Ricky Horton>under is actually only until you know
it's only planned from a production</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44659-2
<v Ricky Horton>standpoint that we're only gonna need
three days worth of work, right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44659-3
<v Ricky Horton>And that's where like really forecasting
that aspect of it and not going into it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44659-4
<v Ricky Horton>thinking and getting played hours where.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44694-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK, I, you know,
the guys want to now have, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44694-1
<v Ricky Horton>five days to do it and they should
actually be pushing still get 3,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44694-2
<v Ricky Horton>but I don't want to work on two guys in
the back. So here you go.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44727-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'd almost not to.
I'd almost not want to tell the shop how</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44727-1
<v Ricky Horton>many budgeted hours we have for the next
three to six months and then run it and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44727-2
<v Ricky Horton>see what it comes out to be and then
compare it to the estimated and adjusted.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44729-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, yeah, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44773-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yep. When you give them hours,
people are going to come up with a way to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44773-1
<v Ricky Horton>cheat. They're going to say, oh, yeah,
I'm going to go over on this job.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44773-2
<v Ricky Horton>So I'm going to take some of those.
I mean for the job because I think I'm</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44773-3
<v Ricky Horton>going to do that because I can see it in
the system too easily. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44776-0
<v Ricky Horton>But I bet they can go to here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44783-0
<v Ricky Horton>I just think templates you could make
changes, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44785-0
<v Ricky Horton>I don't.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44787-0
<v Ricky Horton>Thank you.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44824-0
<v Ricky Horton>I don't think you're you're you're you're
terrible.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44824-1
<v Ricky Horton>I don't like the swings I'm I'm seeing
with what I had here,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44824-2
<v Ricky Horton>but I don't know that I trusted that
enough.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44881-0
<v Ricky Horton>I mean a couple years worth of jobs.
I mean just three or four of the five.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44881-1
<v Ricky Horton>So the the the hours haven't really been
changed. We not oath have been changed.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44881-2
<v Ricky Horton>I think what we did was fine,
but like the e-mail and stuff is</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44881-3
<v Ricky Horton>generally not.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44908-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's true, not too far out in left field.
So if it felt like it was OK, good to me,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44908-1
<v Ricky Horton>I would just keep running with it,
but get some really good data to come</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44908-2
<v Ricky Horton>back and change it. Yeah, I agree.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44927-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm I'm not scared of being.
I'll I'll try.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44927-1
<v Ricky Horton>I wouldn't be scared to run with it,
but let me why don't you just call check</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44927-2
<v Ricky Horton>and see if I can use it and then but you
but you have.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44935-0
<v Ricky Horton>But there's just, OK,
so I you know the consistency was what we</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44935-1
<v Ricky Horton>got there so far making decisions on that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44955-0
<v Ricky Horton>With the change to our versus plan hours
or base hours with production.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44986-0
<v Ricky Horton>We can inform our leads on base hours
instead of originally estimated and give</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44986-1
<v Ricky Horton>them a goal below what was actually
estimated and see if they can hit that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/44986-2
<v Ricky Horton>goal and if they can't then because right
now.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45032-0
<v Ricky Horton>We're plastering a big board of the shop.
This is how many hours you have for this,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45032-1
<v Ricky Horton>this is how many hours you have for this,
this is how many hours you have for this.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45032-2
<v Ricky Horton>So we undercut that goal and we're always
shooting for something slightly less than</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45032-3
<v Ricky Horton>what we have as long as we know that
we're covered budget wise with what's</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45032-4
<v Ricky Horton>estimated.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45071-0
<v Ricky Horton>Then it don't matter what we're telling
them they have to do it in. Yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45071-1
<v Ricky Horton>And then maybe pushing them to what they
have to do it in.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45071-2
<v Ricky Horton>And then from there it's it's either
unachievable or it's or you can actually</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45071-3
<v Ricky Horton>buzz to get it done. Yeah.
So because that's definitely.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45102-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then and we can do that in work
packages too,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45102-1
<v Ricky Horton>but I think at the end of the day take
out the the motivation factor,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45102-2
<v Ricky Horton>right this we as as from a a management
standpoint have to know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45150-0
<v Ricky Horton>What actions are, right? Mm-hmm.
There's so many times that estimators</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45150-1
<v Ricky Horton>they just get and you start going through
this like I have no idea of all the where</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45150-2
<v Ricky Horton>like you start plugging stuff in and you
have no idea of what your true actions</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45150-3
<v Ricky Horton>was.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45183-0
<v Ricky Horton>Or we have to we have to get some sort of
comfortability of what can the shop</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45183-1
<v Ricky Horton>actually do, right?
And that's a few of the date when we self</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45183-2
<v Ricky Horton>motivate for like what it is,
but we have to get comfortable with what</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45183-3
<v Ricky Horton>can the shop actually do.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45216-0
<v Ricky Horton>Right then it just goes into,
I mean it's it's a big picture of when</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45216-1
<v Ricky Horton>you know we're bidding at 16,
000 times so W 44 version, right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45216-2
<v Ricky Horton>So I what can we actually do, right?
Can we do 1000, you know, times of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45249-0
<v Ricky Horton>Month like what?
But after everybody's gotta get</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45249-1
<v Ricky Horton>comfortable, I think the sales side,
I mean everything. I mean,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45249-2
<v Ricky Horton>that's the easy side.
But then we want to deal with it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45249-3
<v Ricky Horton>But we need to get comfortable with what
can we actually do, right? Yep.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45279-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then as soon as you start,
you start budgeting things and getting</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45279-1
<v Ricky Horton>away from, you know, what we can sell for,
it gets very confusing here and you lose</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45279-2
<v Ricky Horton>sight of like what our main actual
production goals are.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45292-0
<v Ricky Horton>So that's 16,000 W 44, I think so. Yeah,
calls were W four.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45330-0
<v Ricky Horton>Don't remember. They're big.
Did we didn't see Boulder,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45330-1
<v Ricky Horton>but I just over and saw them and it was
the, yeah, they're W 44 by team 17,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45330-2
<v Ricky Horton>that production theme that you can get.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45368-0
<v Ricky Horton>I don't know.
And then we and then we side one inch</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45368-1
<v Ricky Horton>breaks here here and then we had field
slices,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45368-2
<v Ricky Horton>multiple field slices because they were
maybe we were like 74 feet.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45368-3
<v Ricky Horton>So we have a we have like a 50 something
footer to level 2 and then we have 16</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45368-4
<v Ricky Horton>footer.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45371-0
<v Ricky Horton>On top of it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45374-0
<v Ricky Horton>Read the schedule.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45417-0
<v Ricky Horton>Barely looked at the schedule as you get
drawings in November,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45417-1
<v Ricky Horton>you get them delivered in March.
You have to deliver 7000 tons in March.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45417-2
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I don't even know if they're coded.
If they're coded,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45417-3
<v Ricky Horton>they probably need the coding. Yeah,
that would be interesting.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45422-0
<v Ricky Horton>Something that they probably just fired
for that point.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45425-0
<v Ricky Horton>Who owns the last one?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45445-0
<v Ricky Horton>The estimator or the GC? The estimator?
I think it's probably usually the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45445-1
<v Ricky Horton>structure and stuff smart. I don't know.
She's probably here, but.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45457-0
<v Ricky Horton>So are you going to start using the Um
original estimated hours instead of the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45457-1
<v Ricky Horton>Um?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45505-0
<v Ricky Horton>Adjustment. That makes sense. Yeah,
we'll make that change. Jimmy,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45505-1
<v Ricky Horton>what are you leaving here?
What am I doing here?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45505-2
<v Ricky Horton>What are you leaving here?
I need to get going here in a few minutes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45505-3
<v Ricky Horton>I figured you might.
You and I should have a quick talk about</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45505-4
<v Ricky Horton>that 22 o'clock job.
There's too many people saying it's not</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45505-5
<v Ricky Horton>my job. Oh yeah,
I have a feeling you're the decision</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45505-6
<v Ricky Horton>maker here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45532-0
<v Ricky Horton>I don't want to see.
I was the person that's gonna ask some</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45532-1
<v Ricky Horton>questions. Anyway, Jeff has the coupons,
just so you know, right? So he's got them.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45532-2
<v Ricky Horton>He just doesn't know what to do with them.
So yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45571-0
<v Ricky Horton>I would say if if no one's gonna make a
decision,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45571-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'd say we we match the prep of the
actual fitment that we're gonna do,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45571-2
<v Ricky Horton>which is just a single edge, right?
And then running as a TG and calling it,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45571-3
<v Ricky Horton>that's what you guys are gonna do in the
field, right? Are they gonna get it?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45577-0
<v Ricky Horton>I don't wanna. Are we done with this?
Maybe you and I have a little side</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45577-1
<v Ricky Horton>sidebar, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45634-0
<v Ricky Horton>What's global actions for tomorrow is I'm
gonna take. I have the Excel spreadsheet.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45634-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'm gonna take and manipulate that to
match what we have. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45634-2
<v Ricky Horton>I'm gonna figure out how to once we can
fix.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45634-3
<v Ricky Horton>So I will do practice any work on that.
Then I would say another action items</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45634-4
<v Ricky Horton>like.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45669-0
<v Ricky Horton>I said coming up with some some metric
and some way to start grouping these</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45669-1
<v Ricky Horton>things to get bigger because when we long
long time with one of the approaches we</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45669-2
<v Ricky Horton>had is is you group a cut list on and and
even if you group a cut list.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45672-0
<v Ricky Horton>And you say, OK.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45731-0
<v Ricky Horton>From here,
it's enough parts that it's a good sample</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45731-1
<v Ricky Horton>that we're going to keep talking about.
Just have them get it right on the paper</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45731-2
<v Ricky Horton>and just say, hey,
I started at I started at 8:03 and I got</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45731-3
<v Ricky Horton>done at 10:15, right?
And then it something that can come back</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45731-4
<v Ricky Horton>and release some stacks of paper,
something can come back and you can have</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45731-5
<v Ricky Horton>some, you know you guys report.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45762-0
<v Ricky Horton>I've done this the whole time.
Then you can take you to buy that out and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45762-1
<v Ricky Horton>say, OK,
on this tell list there are 75 pieces.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45762-2
<v Ricky Horton>The guy took 94 minutes. You can check it.
So the basic fetch. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45762-3
<v Ricky Horton>well and and tomorrow too,
whenever you get that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45799-0
<v Ricky Horton>We'll import it in.
I think it would be kind of critical for</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45799-1
<v Ricky Horton>us to run it through, purchase it,
do a cut list, process the cut list,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45799-2
<v Ricky Horton>do the receiving just to make sure
there's no other hiccups somewhere else</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45799-3
<v Ricky Horton>that are income or just something lasting
another.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45827-0
<v Ricky Horton>We can run through that pretty quickly
though,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45827-1
<v Ricky Horton>but that's what I would expect to be.
Yeah, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45827-2
<v Ricky Horton>everything I've got was since the start
of the stop planning.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45827-3
<v Ricky Horton>It's all all the EPMU. You have to see it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45852-0
<v Ricky Horton>I like that. Well, this is maybe, I think,
I think too. I mean, yeah, get a fire.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45852-1
<v Ricky Horton>If your projects are in there,
I don't know. I'm sorry, stop and I can't.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45852-2
<v Ricky Horton>We're just never able to really.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45873-0
<v Ricky Horton>We put more on a good job.
We can only help you. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45873-1
<v Ricky Horton>that's not the single back release they
have. They have. We've been jobs. Details.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45873-2
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45909-0
<v Ricky Horton>We'll do it on the 40th plan.
So we're we're doing two piece of stack,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45909-1
<v Ricky Horton>right?
And so they're going to listen to a back</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45909-2
<v Ricky Horton>in bar. Let's assume, yes, they did.
They are actually. They're going to.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45947-0
<v Ricky Horton>So I think that's easy.
While the outside there's going to be</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45947-1
<v Ricky Horton>guys. We're just doing on that one.
We're going to pre-install.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45947-2
<v Ricky Horton>Is it pre-installed?
I think it's coming to this job.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45968-0
<v Ricky Horton>Bars 29 sections, you know,
we just continue to share.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/45968-1
<v Ricky Horton>I think the way.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46016-0
<v Ricky Horton>Because they put the Alaska that on the
inside or to have to reassize this</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46016-1
<v Ricky Horton>process to Jeff, because it's been true.
Remember what I was saying at the meeting?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46016-2
<v Ricky Horton>Hopefully they would use it to keep that
at home and the biggest thing like it</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46016-3
<v Ricky Horton>would just slide in to be a perfect fit.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46065-0
<v Ricky Horton>Uh, then you gotta come off at the end.
You got a back end part there.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46065-1
<v Ricky Horton>It's all that one is good to actually
release today. That's connection.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46065-2
<v Ricky Horton>I don't get it the because like these
hours. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46065-3
<v Ricky Horton>I was giving you a text together because
see what's the inside.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46065-4
<v Ricky Horton>I wonder all this stuff that's gonna be.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46096-0
<v Ricky Horton>OK, the I gotta wait 48 hours.
So it's better.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46096-1
<v Ricky Horton>So we reached out to the customer. Yeah,
that's one way now we had some rooms.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46096-2
<v Ricky Horton>I don't know that you want to.
I guess it was within two hours.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46131-0
<v Ricky Horton>So we have two pieces.
We'll take out a huge lifts and the guy</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46131-1
<v Ricky Horton>just walks here and the development
understood it and then it's done. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46131-2
<v Ricky Horton>so I guess what you want me to take,
why don't you say it's done.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46167-0
<v Ricky Horton>I just want to have an actual perspective,
Kenya, because right here with the shop,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46167-1
<v Ricky Horton>I grew up in the shops.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46195-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's all I've done is 45 years, right?
So I can estimate, right?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46221-0
<v Ricky Horton>So then all this, yeah, you can.
If you see it every day out there,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46221-1
<v Ricky Horton>it's right.
It's so they have just most of you have</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46221-2
<v Ricky Horton>to have it in fact,
because there's just another crunch.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46221-3
<v Ricky Horton>There's recounts. I just put that back.
We just give a good day to work out.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46221-4
<v Ricky Horton>We'll think that here that that's.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46254-0
<v Ricky Horton>So that's one of the thing that if not
time studies and all that side load in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46254-1
<v Ricky Horton>there essentially need to have getting
some has to be started getting some.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46266-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's a good clearance, like having a shot.
I don't sure it's it's on. OK,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46266-1
<v Ricky Horton>that's great.
I don't know the program you're using.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46289-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's hot. We really do that.
I'll have that. I'll have that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46330-0
<v Ricky Horton>But I think it would also be he's have
the view for the next, yeah. And I think,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46330-1
<v Ricky Horton>you know, I think we have that.
I'm actually about another.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46330-2
<v Ricky Horton>I haven't really shot something,
but the other ones, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46330-3
<v Ricky Horton>I think I'll get the screen,
but then how do you find that the wall</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46330-4
<v Ricky Horton>last chair is one that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46370-0
<v Ricky Horton>The ones that they're not to be scout the
whole way up,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46370-1
<v Ricky Horton>trying to get their others direction side
of the business. Yeah, all of that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46370-2
<v Ricky Horton>They believe it's still all the cost that
we learned something about the same site.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46370-3
<v Ricky Horton>They really like it except for you guys
to feed on this stuff so that they're</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46370-4
<v Ricky Horton>always put on that the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46391-0
<v Ricky Horton>All the structural grounds,
that's what we actually call the three</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46391-1
<v Ricky Horton>direction that we have six.
We're all in the same program to exile</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46391-2
<v Ricky Horton>and then actually start applying it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46421-0
<v Ricky Horton>Shaw was all in the. We actually, well,
and then you.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46453-0
<v Ricky Horton>So he's never different. I'm excited.
You're not going to be waiting,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46453-1
<v Ricky Horton>especially the operation.
Who screwed it up? You know, I'm I am.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46453-2
<v Ricky Horton>So they're not just fall into this.
I think 3 sixteens and there's our recent.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46460-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah,
it's going to be contracting with the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46460-1
<v Ricky Horton>shop lines, but you've got to fix the,
you know, I mean, if you, if you, if you.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46495-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think that's all. I think that's all.
All these savings,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46495-1
<v Ricky Horton>they're going to install a structure.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46530-0
<v Ricky Horton>Oh, New York Times. Oh,
these things today. But it's balance.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46530-1
<v Ricky Horton>Make sure archives put up, put up, right?
New York Times.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46530-2
<v Ricky Horton>So we're putting up 50 minutes a day.
Great.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46530-3
<v Ricky Horton>So we know that we have a system that can
use that, right? It's a seal.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46530-4
<v Ricky Horton>It's a little different.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46559-0
<v Ricky Horton>The way we do, yeah,
they're gonna hang him in last time. I,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46559-1
<v Ricky Horton>you know, talking to Andre.
I think that they're gonna, yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46559-2
<v Ricky Horton>it's gonna run the job.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46576-0
<v Ricky Horton>Our skills, the new.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46600-0
<v Ricky Horton>I guess the department will get enough
penetration to do it and this department</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46600-1
<v Ricky Horton>it's hanging apart.
Did the exact same thing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46600-2
<v Ricky Horton>We are consulted.
I think we have two guys to be</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46600-3
<v Ricky Horton>responsible and then that's what happens
if not if like.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46637-0
<v Ricky Horton>If we don't have to do any justifications,
why the exterior? Well,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46637-1
<v Ricky Horton>I think we should stick with what the
environment condition.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46661-0
<v Ricky Horton>So I haven't listened to the schedule.
Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46661-1
<v Ricky Horton>it's still maybe having similar like a
question. We start reading everywhere.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46661-2
<v Ricky Horton>Let's see everything else here.
Let's do it in here. Well then,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46661-3
<v Ricky Horton>where we're looking at now,
we're supposed to stay. Let's do it. Yep.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46661-4
<v Ricky Horton>You can't really see the permanent place
to involve.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46670-0
<v Ricky Horton>So I think we're just going to end up
wasting. Yeah. So nice. OK, I'll take it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46716-0
<v Ricky Horton>I want to tell you both 77.
We have really.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46716-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'm 64 and I haven't been here to figure
out the process, but we may end up,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46716-2
<v Ricky Horton>you know, you're better than me.
That's what I said last morning.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46716-3
<v Ricky Horton>I wish I knew we could just go see.
So on the on the interior, the same. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46716-4
<v Ricky Horton>definitely.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46742-0
<v Ricky Horton>Sorry, guys,
I'll but you need a lot of people got fat</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46742-1
<v Ricky Horton>and that's a couple of days.
I'm a lot of staff to say that this is</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46742-2
<v Ricky Horton>what we have to do is just what the guys
can do and that's where yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46742-3
<v Ricky Horton>my my opinion on this and I probably
won't pessimism everybody. That's right.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46775-0
<v Ricky Horton>But.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46789-0
<v Ricky Horton>I see. I see.
Let's get eyes on the portions and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46789-1
<v Ricky Horton>understand the portion of the really look
I lost a lot of.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46789-2
<v Ricky Horton>I like hearing the media doing this on
the and I think that maybe we've looked</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46789-3
<v Ricky Horton>at what's possible.
I think it's currently analyzing.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46789-4
<v Ricky Horton>It's something that's, yeah,
and ultimately we need the.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46830-0
<v Ricky Horton>Design it to say that that's a lot
possible. There's a lot of,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46830-1
<v Ricky Horton>there's a lot of stress on this one.
That's right. Well, I mean,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46830-2
<v Ricky Horton>the steel weld is so much as I have.
I think it's with that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46830-3
<v Ricky Horton>They got to think about the throws into
this bolt. Just got it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46830-4
<v Ricky Horton>This is sort of the same.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46862-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, oh, we have. Yeah,
it works in there. I don't know.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46862-1
<v Ricky Horton>I'm doing it for.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46910-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I still,
I've lost my spend hours and I've seen</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46910-1
<v Ricky Horton>this and I still take something just by
that. But I can still,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46910-2
<v Ricky Horton>I'll get that one day. I can get me ID,
whatever the hell I want. Yeah,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46910-3
<v Ricky Horton>here it is next week, I think.
It's basically bad.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46923-0
<v Ricky Horton>But I think regardless,
I'm a fan of take one of all these</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46923-1
<v Ricky Horton>lunches we've had here this night.
I have to sit here and have that</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46923-2
<v Ricky Horton>environment and then we can dive in it,
you know, but next weekend we'll make it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46923-3
<v Ricky Horton>I'll be here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46948-0
<v Ricky Horton>I usually, I don't, I don't,
but it's a different you are in</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46948-1
<v Ricky Horton>particularly. So my opinion is is that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46974-0
<v Ricky Horton>And the loan process is not I'm weeks
right now because how do we go into the</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46974-1
<v Ricky Horton>one and I think we're in your point to do
this on the ground versus not</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/46974-2
<v Ricky Horton>understanding how we actually.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47003-0
<v Ricky Horton>That's what I think that I think we need
to understand. Now I've started working.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47003-1
<v Ricky Horton>I switched over to the pickleball out
here in my wife and then we say I'm going</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47003-2
<v Ricky Horton>to call you pick them up to last year.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47045-0
<v Ricky Horton>It's not very good.
I've been playing basketball for it.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47045-1
<v Ricky Horton>That's what 5040 years.
I started when I was 10 and I'd like to</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47045-2
<v Ricky Horton>see you got the pros here.
They got a leach and then I think I'm</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47045-3
<v Ricky Horton>going to have between the lead days.
My son and I asked to play and love can</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47045-4
<v Ricky Horton>really.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47079-0
<v Ricky Horton>We have at least documents to talk about
just like second and we were looking at a</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47079-1
<v Ricky Horton>little bit last year to like third or
four events and I and this is the leap</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47079-2
<v Ricky Horton>level just for the pro, the pro level.
I don't know these guys know that,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47079-3
<v Ricky Horton>but then I brought them all to pick a
ball and have a hell of a time trend.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47106-0
<v Ricky Horton>I've not used my wrist. I mean, yeah,
yeah, I mean it's. Yeah, pick a ball.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47106-1
<v Ricky Horton>You can't use your wrist very much.
You have to get the back end for that.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47106-2
<v Ricky Horton>But yeah, you have to flick. Yeah,
so it goes.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47140-0
<v Ricky Horton>I think it's been bowling. That's fun too.
That's I think when I was younger and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47140-1
<v Ricky Horton>then I moved out here and and have I
don't have any family out here.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47140-2
<v Ricky Horton>I didn't have a lot of friends like that
was work here. So I joined the league.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47184-0
<v Ricky Horton>And sell it on a team and sell it on
another team. Oh, there you go. See,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47184-1
<v Ricky Horton>I used to ride a motorcycle here too.
And and I ended up selling my motorcycle</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47184-2
<v Ricky Horton>because both of my parents said go get a
500 horsepower car. I don't care. Just.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47219-0
<v Ricky Horton>Don't have a motorcycle. Oh, well,
I don't ride. I don't ride. I ride both.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47219-1
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I ride little 250 on the river.
Nice single track. I'm a *****.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47219-2
<v Ricky Horton>So I ride actually the double track or
Forest Service roads.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47219-3
<v Ricky Horton>I got to give the single track.
That's not gonna.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47254-0
<v Ricky Horton>Yeah, I did single check back home. I was,
I used that all the time.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47254-1
<v Ricky Horton>That was back when I was in the shop.
I was a welder and I'd do a single check</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47254-2
<v Ricky Horton>back in the morning and then also dirt
bike and.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47296-0
<v Ricky Horton>And then the workout and that's my beans
and early 20s.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47296-1
<v Ricky Horton>So now it's now it's all the man sports,
not even bowling. How many?</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47296-2
<v Ricky Horton>I think that was the fitness I was in for
like in my 30s.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47301-0
<v Ricky Horton>Oh yeah, I mean,
I I raced bicycles for all through</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47301-1
<v Ricky Horton>college.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47344-0
<v Ricky Horton>I got pretty sick and you can't give it
up otherwise you die. Yeah, well,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47344-1
<v Ricky Horton>in like bowling,
I guess bowling is the only things work,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47344-2
<v Ricky Horton>but when I'm bowling,
like majority of my friends and majority</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47344-3
<v Ricky Horton>of the people I bowl with are my parents'
age.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47383-0
<v Ricky Horton>I'm like hanging out with a bunch of old
people and I don't,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47383-1
<v Ricky Horton>so I like hanging out with them and
having a good time.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47383-2
<v Ricky Horton>I don't mind there by any means.
But like my teammates,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47383-3
<v Ricky Horton>I got a picture of my teammates in there
when we go to Vegas every year and</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47383-4
<v Ricky Horton>they're always like, yeah, your son is so.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47392-0
<v Ricky Horton>So awesome. We my parents, but yeah,
I'll get it. They could be, you know,</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47392-1
<v Ricky Horton>'cause they're,
I think I need to get some. That's funny.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47392-2
<v Ricky Horton>I'll see you guys tomorrow. All right.
Have a good night. Yep.</v>
cbbac12a-3fd8-4b47-ab8a-87383a37549e/47397-0
<v Ricky Horton>A little bit about this field job.</v>